I really do not like this product because it makes my hair so greasy it looks like I put crisco in my hair.It states that you should shake it - which is really hard to do because it is so thick - it leaves my scalp super greasy & my end dry. Very unhappy about that. It does have a semi-nice smell to it.
"You have to have this in your makeup this is the coolest palette that I have for my daughter, love the colors and the way the company match them up. In the morning when getting ready for school it makes it so easy to match your colors and be on your way never late to school and always looking so pretty. You can Mac I have it but you pay big bucks for it and this is as good to me and get more of it then the higher price one.I am 15 teen and have a real makeup collect as my mother calls it I am working on it hard love amazon and the prices a customer for Life.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"this product does cover ok but don't buy it if you have sensitive skin. Once use and the areas I put it on were all burned red as in a sunburn. Also, ordered in ivory to fair and came in fair to normal. Once opened it can't be returned."
These bath crystals don't bubble and have a most pleasant aroma.  I love this product and find it is very soothing to the skin.
I had an original 413 for a few years and loved the brush until my dogs got ahold of it. Mine was black so I ordered 1 of these because I was so glad I found them.  They are crap and nothing like the original. Don't order them. After a month the whole bristle part rubber and all came apart from the cheap handle. I never was so disappointed in my life. They cannot be real products of PM. He would not allow this cheap crap to have his name on it. I contacted the company bc when the brush arrived it was already missing bristles. I told them I didnt appreciate a crap knock off product.I sent this email to them:I received this item late and it was missing several bristles. I have previously owned this brush that I bought at a salon but my dogs ate it. I dont feel like this item was an authentic item as it was much lighter that the one I had and the quality was very poor.HeatherThe response from them was that they do not sell fakes and to send them pictures of the missing bristles. I did as they said and sent them the pictures on Sept 22. To this day no response from them which shows me they dont stand behind their products and I hit the nail on the head when I said fake.
"Can't use any of them and there are tons of lovely designs I tried. I work fast, use Konad polishes and other polishes. Own about 50 or so varnishes ranging from Wet n Wild to Essie and Sally Hanson. All to no avail. The indentations are so shallow they don't allow for any stamping to occur. Waste of money. I guess from good reviews, it's either hit or miss. I guess I got the short straw. Can't return them but will contact the company to complain. Thought all my family would love a set but won't order again. I followed all the directions. Nothing would transfer at all. Not happy camper."
This color is absolutely hideous.  It looks like I have pennies on all of my fingers.  I was expecting this to be a gold glittery polish but I was wrong.  Its a pure copper color and does not look good with pale skin tones.
I started using glass nail files a few years ago and I could never use another type of nail file again.  I have had good and bad ones from different companies.  I decided to try these based on the reviews I have read and I have to say that these are the absolute best glass nail files that I have found.  I am actually about to buy another set bc I only got to keep one for myself after handing out the others to family and friends.  I highly recommend this product!
I personally can't really recommend this product as I don't feel it really made much difference with my hair. I probably will not be purchasing it again.
I don't like my nose it bothers me.The price of this shaping tool is only around $3 or for me. I gave it a try andthere is no way this thing can make a nose smaller.It's a good idea since a nose job is $ and insurance sadly doesn't pay for it.I just don't think that wearing this everyday will make a permanent change or change at all.
i loved the color and the packaging and the primer and the brush... so beautiful ... its a professional palette
"I have used this dust several days now and I have yet to determine if it is actually doing anything.  It seems to work as more of a dry shampoo, removing oils from my hair, than a styling product.  It does not say how much to use which may be part of the problem.  It does smell good, but you need to make sure you give your hair a good tousle so it isn't visible in your hair.  As for hold, I don't think it is effective but maybe I'm not using enough."
"I was so excited when this became available on Amazon. It's super affordable and every single brush is fantastic quality!!! I actually use the foundation brush for concealer on my face and the eyeshadow brush for undereye concealer and the multitask brush for powder. I love love love them all, the multitask brush is super super soft so it can push the powder into the skin and ensures it's not sitting on top of the foundation and have my face looking powdery, I love it and use it every single day, I haven't touched my Sigma powder brush since I got this one, when I'm cleaning my dresser I can't stop touching them, they are so soft! These brushes are a definite must-have!"
Great price.  Looks good on.  Stays all day.  Easy to remove.  I would reccommend this product.  I have bought the same product in different shades and I love them all
"I bought this in the Timeless color. I think the actual color is closer to a deep nude shade with a subtle hint of coral.  It has a softer more natural look than a true coral.  I do like the color and it wears well with no feathering into fine lines. I would also say it is a true lip liner and is a bit too dry to use as a fill color. If you're looking for a subtle, softer more natural looking coral, Timeless will work well for you."
"I'm very fair and this was a nice sheer nude color on me. It does have a bit of glitter in it, but nothing ridiculous or too obvious.  Not enough to bother me. It feels glossy on and pretty moisturizing. Great color to pair with smokey eyes. It's a shame Revlon discontinued these, I would try other colors."
This stuff is horrible. Way to sticky. If it gets on your fingers it just has to wear off.Yuck
"My daughter just went to her first dental appointment and the doctor advised she stop sucking hey thumb immediately. We have been discouraging her from sucking her thumb for months but although she knows it's bad for her teeth and she doesn't want to do it, comfort prevails and she continued the bad habit. We bought her a book, showed her pictures of crooked teeth from thumb sucking, and tried to put colorful band aids on her thumbs. She liked the bandaid but eventually would pull them off and suck. I would even try to hold her down with her arms away from her face so she would fall asleep without sucking. I was hesitant to try this because I thought it would be cruel but after trying so many things, just decided to go for it. She liked putting the polish on and even asks for more but we only put it on her thumbs because the taste does come off on food and she still sometimes finger feeds.  It was funny watching her the first time she tried to suck and hard not to pretend something was different. Eventually that day she asked me to wash her fingers off. But we told her it would help her stop. And it did. I found we had to reapply once a day. I tested it on my pinky and it lost its effectiveness by end of day. She is sleeping now without sucking although it does seem harder to put her down because she doesn't have a comfort mechanism now. She asks for story after story.... But it has worked. I will continue to apply for another week to make sure she's weaned completely."
"So I wanted to try this because I like the Derma E hylauronic mask and Paula's choice reviews said it would be good for dry skin.. We NOPE IT&#34;S Not and seems to dry my skin out more and make it feel tight!!! I don't understand why they would make this under a best review for toners!  THe igredients may past their test, but the mixture of it shouldn't because it feels like alcohol rub going on my face!  This is the only product that's been bad from their reviews.  It burns my skin literally everytime I've used it, but I tolerate it because it's suppose to be &#34;GOOD&#34; for my skin. I Don't have sensitive skin I&#34;m more normal to dry.. I HATE IT!! And got me Paula's toners which don't burn and feel cooling to my dry skin. This is HORRIBLE and Not a GOOD buy at all!!!"
LOVE LOVE LOVE.  Lashes are longer and fuller.  I dread the day I run out of this.
i rather just put regular eyeprimer under my eyes than this it doesnt do anything for my wrinkles ive been using this till its all gone cuz i dont want to waste my money after its finished i will not be buying again
"Holy mac, I am super pleased with the range of colors available and especially the savings under the subscribe and save program.  This product is also great as it is 10 minutes maximum, no dangerous chemicals (no peroxide or ammonia) which means this is not a Level 3 graded coloring.  the colors are very good and my scape is not left itchy after use and easy to rinse off.I am buying this is because it is my preferred brand and now it has become a whole lot easier to buy: before, I had to scout for the weekly discounts in my local drug stores.  Now for the same savings, all i have to do is press a few buttons.  Love it."
"This mascara is amazing!!! I have long, blonde eyelashes & this make them look even longer, curls them & makes them look thick all while separating them & really doesn't leave any clumps!!I absolutely recommend this mascara if you're not into the clumpy eyelash look. You can use 1 or 2 coats to make them look natural & 3-5 coats to make them look thicker & blacker. Love this mascara!! &#60;3I used to use the Maybelline falsies nascar which is terrible compared to this mascara. You will really love this wand&#8230;"
"I did see it make some difference in my skin, but after about a week of using it I got very sore, red, flaking areas on my face. So I had to stop using it, which I was sad about. Did anyone else get this reaction?"
"I really like the Dove body wash, it is creamy like a lotion and lathers like a body wash should.  The smell of the body wash is wonderful and leaves my skin feeling very soft.  The only downfall was the small pouf that came with it, it seems extra small."
"This powder smells really nice. I like the natural color. I have ivory to light-beige skin depending on the season, and it fits nicely."
"I like the smell and feel of this. Very good moisturizer.  It is oily (obviously) so if you don't like that consistency, this is not for you. But it absorbs well and my skin feels great in the morning after having this on overnight."
it didn't work as well as I had hoped it would. I had high hopes that it would be a true henna mask for my hair but it seemed to dry it out and make it feel like straw.
"too bad, because I was so excited to get these in the mail...an hour ago. The handles are caps, which is cool, but I sculpted a few nails to see how they did and the acrylic gets totally stuck in the bristles and the nice fine point they came to is completely gone and doesn't look like it'll return any time soon. It's so frayed I can't get it back into the cap. At least they came in hard plastic tubes that I can use for other brushes. Don't bother with these - guess I'll have to spend $40 on a good brush."
"I love Eco tools but this travel kit is a joke, is more like a kit for a 1 year old babu face, the fue shadow is the only normal one, the concealer one maybe, is small but I guess for details is okay but the kabuki and powder are horrible small, so hard to pick up product and apply it, I don't think its worth the money and I was very disappointed"
"Had to return because I got rash on my face, apparently it was old, but I wish I got to try it better since it did get good reviews"
"Quality is lacking - these they fell apart without even using them, the entire metal tip falls off NOT a good deal."
"Purchased this based on other reviews here.  Followed YouTube instructions and also read tips from reviewers here.  1st time I tried it, it was so painful had to stop.  So purchased numming cream which made it more bearable 2nd time.  It just seem to tear up my skin.  My acne scar actually became worse.  Would not recommend this."
"It feels very different from the other mineral makeup I have tried.  I love that Almay doesn't test on animals, and I love their hypo-allergenic products, but the coverage is just not wonderful."
"Love this brush set, I'm already using it and they all work great. Very soft, and good coverage. I would definitely buy again."
I am a professional stylist and I really like strong and reliable products.This is a keeeper.A lot of pins today are very weak and thin?????Not these very strong!!!!!
I was not able to use this product. I can not say for sure if it will work or not.  I had to return it for a refund.
"This has no effect on mosquitos thought it would be a repellentwith a nice smell , I read many times that mineral oil clogs pores and induces pimples and acne which I am prone to. Regarding softness , it does make your skin so soft .."
I will never purchase a mini set of OPI again. Not what I expected and this pack was even worse.
"Hello All,I bought this in order to try something different as opposed to paying $40 for my current tinted moisturizer. I have a dark complexion (halle berry ish.. dark but with copper undertones) and this particular item is not for me. It is so much lighter than I am that it looks obvious and odd. (ashy looking).It was worth a try but I will stick to Josie Maran's tinted moisturer (it rocks!)"
I have this in the shade In the Nude and it's a great nude shade. It goes on smoothly and looks very nice on. It twists up so no need for sharpening. Good product!
"This product is just a greasy, overpriced sunscreen that has a heavy, unattractive scent. There is no firming, no wrinkle remover, no age spot reducer, just sunscreen. I would not recommend this product."
"I read the reviews on the smell of this product and should have listened.  I don't know if this product works or not because the smell is like Vicks Vapor Rub.  It is truly nasty and strong.  So if you don't mind smelling like a medicine cabinet, go for it. Otherwise, go with something else.  The only good thing I can say about this product is that the spray bottle works good."
These things are great and you can't beat the price or quality. Glad that I purchased. Will definitely do so again.
"I WEAR THIS WHEN I'M MOSTLY INDOORS.  I ALSO BOUGHT THE SPF 45 SUNSCREEN SPRAY IN THIS SAME BRAND.  BOTH ARE VERY LIGHTWEIGHT, NOT GREASY ON MY FACE AND DON'T BREAK ME OUT.I HAVE WORN THIS ON A DAY WHEN I WAS OUTSIDE FOR SEVEAL HOURS AND I DID GET SOME SUN.  SO I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS FOR PROLONGED SUN EXPOSURE.  I STILL REALLY ENJOY THIS LOTION, BUT NOT FOR DAYS WHEN I'M OUTSIDE FOR PROLONGED PERIODS.  FOR THAT I USE A HIGHER SPF AND REAPPLY MY ZINC OXIDE REGULARLY."
The name says it all!. You  will never be disappointed with this brand. Specially this UV top coat. I can make my own gel manicure with any polish!
"I have always liked ease of use when employing beauty and skin care products, but more than that I prize effectiveness.  This generously sized bottle of Argan Oil (combined with Vitamin E) is a great, truly effective product.I have very fair skin which gets extremely dry in the winter, so I focused trying Argan Hair Skin & Body Treatment on my skin.It has a slight tint to it, and a light fragrance which reminds me of fruit. I like the fragrance, and the tint disappears when you apply the few pumps required to add the treatment oil to your skin.This calms your skin as well as adding the needed moisture. My legs and arms look 100 percent less flaky and dry. As I used my hands to apply this treatment, I love how they look now as well! They haven't looked this good all year! Also on the plus side, my hands are not greasy--I am typing this review with no problem. The Argan oil absorbs quickly and yet you know that it is doing its job. The bottle states that the treatment offers ""intense hydration"", and the bottle is very right!I plan to use this every day, because it is fast and easy! I can apply it everywhere except the eye area (it to not supposed to get in your eyes). I also applied it on my hair. I like the silky feel of my hair after trying this treatment on my hair a LOT!Round up your products and replace them with this great Argan Hair Skin & Body Treatment Oil. It is the real thing. I am so happy with the results I have received by using this treatment. It is a do not miss  for you if you have dry skin or hair or need to repair your skin which is suffering from effects of eczema or psoriasis. I cannot say if it is the answer to the last two without a doctor's OK, but it really really helps. And it helps visibly instantly ... and it continues to help.One great product, many uses!  Love it!thanks,jean"
"Inexpensive, plentiful, fast shipping....for my various projects (nails, costume, makeup, props, art, decorations).  Easy transaction, glitters are bright without looking cheesy."
I am using my husbands account! I really love this primer. It is great for the price! It makes my foundation looks smotth and flawless. I use it under both my foundation and bb cream. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a great primer at a cheap price! I keep it stocked about 3 bottles at a time!
THE COLOR IS GOOD BUT IT DOES NOT STAY ON VERY LONG. YOU WILL HAVE TO RE-APPLY IT EVERY FEW DAYS.
"So I did not notice a major difference in my lash size of length but most importantly this stuff gives you major raccoon eyes.  I thought it was me, my facial cream who knows what but after using a much less expensive product without an issues I had to review.  The worst part is that it won't easily wipe off when it smears to a upper lid or under the eye.  I would never purchase it again and I'm not really sure what I will do with the one I have!  And yes I wear mascara daily.  Waste of money."
"Cons: Very sticky, had a bad odor to them. I was very disappointed and ended up getting rid of the entire set."
"I love all of the peacock barrettes, but all I wear is silver jewelry, not gold. So I saw this silver barrette and thought the colors were amazing. However, I thought I was getting this exact barrette, and I didn't. The one I did get, though, is already broken - two hours out of the packaging! And I hadn't even worn it.Of the eleven stone ""feathers"" shown in the picture, three are pink, two are green, two are light blue, two are dark blue, and two are purple. On the barrette I got, five are pink, two are red, one is light blue ... and three are a hideous yellow cheap-citrine color. No green, no purple, no dark blue. And one of the yellow ones came off.I will keep it, since it cost practically nothing. I'll hot-glue the broken ""feather"" back on. The peacock itself is well-formed and the stones seem securely set on that part. Also, the piece has a good weight to it that's necessary for my thicker-than-thick hair. But this matches a lot fewer articles of clothing than I thought it would ... I wanted the colors in the picture! Oh well!"
"This works great to hold up short hair.  I normally somewhat spike my hair and this holds my hair up as well as gel.  The cream feels like lotion, and you don't need a lot to get a good hold for your hair.  I use anti-dandruff shampoo daily so I can't tell if it is preventing dandruff, but it can't hurt.  If you have flakes, and need a gel for your hair, this is the combo for you."
"I used this quite often for a few months for at home gel nails, it took forever for the gel to set with this and unfortunately my cat knocked it off of my table and ever since I can't get it to turn on. I changed the bulb but that didn't fix it. I switched to a different brand and have had no issues with gel setting up appropriately."
these colors were very transparent and dusty when you try to use your eyeshadow brushes.Not a huge fan. $12 down the drain!
"Unfortunately, I haven't noticed any visible results with this eye cream. It also leaves a white film/crust all around my eyes that I have to carefully clean off every morning which is pretty annoying. It definitely doesn't work under concealer since it balls up pretty badly. Overall, a pretty big bummer."
"I got this for a gift for my daughter and she loves it, she keeps all of her makeup in it and the colors in the case were really nice and has used a little of everything which is unusual."
I was very disappointed when I received this product broken. It looks like it may have made a great mirror but I'll never know.
Creative Nail Creative Nail Design nail lacquer.  The nail lacquer was horrible.  It was very runny and I had to use four coats to get a solid opaque color but even then it streaked. Granted it is a very light color but still.......If I could give it zero stars I would.
Left my hair feeling like it had a residue on it also it smelled funny.  It is not WEN and shouldn't even be compared to it
"I used this for the first time tonight, and I swear some of my blotches from peeling are disappearing after letting the bronzers work for only an hour and a half before showering.  On top of that, the lotion consistency was a lot like Sinfully Black in that it was more liquid than most lotions, but not in a bad way, more like it spreads further because of its viscosity.  I can't tell you anything about the smell before or after at the time because I've been very sick for almost a week now, and now the only thing really left is major congestion...so no sense of smell.  =(  Considering it is an Australian Gold lotion, however, it probably smells wonderful and would bring me a nostalgic feeling of Florida like most tanning lotions (I spent most of my teen years in Florida, and then moved away to my undying chagrin.)  I would definitely recommend this to others, and I really hope the price stays under $23.  Much higher than that, and I might as well shell out some extra dough for Luminary or Obsidian by Designer Skin. >=("
"this is one of the best shampoo i have ever used. it is sulfate free and it does not dry out your hair. it makes your hair very soft. i recommend it for everyone that is looking for a good, cheap sulfate free shampoo."
"I don't think the optics are very good in the mirror there is some distortion. Put it into a vacation rental, I wouldn't use it on a daily."
"These smell like rubbing alcohol, and nothing else. It stings slightly as I use the towelette on my face. I am afraid to use these near my eyes to remove my eye makeup. I will not buy again. These wipes leave my skin too dry. And the makeup still seems hard to remove with these wipes.I like the neutrogena hydrating towelettes much better! They seem better for sensitive skin."
"The smell is pretty awful, the feel is pretty nice, the firmness with use is nothing for me. Won't buy again."
"Fantastic idea and made well. Fits in most of my bags and makes grabbing what you need so much quicker. I am currently using in a large MK bag that was basicly a sackful of chaos. Now I'm not digging for my wallet, that hair tie or keys that are never on the top of the pile. Would also work well as a toiltetry bag."
"This is a very expensive CHEAP product.  When my mother asked me to look at it becaus of her thinning hair, I was shocked to find both Sodium Laurel Sulfate, Sodium Laureth Sulfate AND Parabens in this product.SLES is a cheap surfactant used in engine degreasers and car wash soaps.  Parabens are cancer causing agents.  Really?  This is a very expensive ripoff."
"I am not a very fussy person when it comes to beauty.  I don't wear makeup most days, but do want to keep from looking like a Char Pei on a bad day before I'm 60.Because of allergies, I've always been a Neutrogena gal, using their Healthy Skin line for years.  I'm currently using the Anti-Wrinkle / SPF 15 with Retinol, which I've been happy with.When the Olay ProX System became available through the Amazon Vine program, I really looked forward to testing an expensive anti-wrinkle system.  When the box arrived, I was ready to throw my cheapo Neutrogena tube in the junk drawer and start slathering the high-dollar solution on my wrinkled mug, but then I got a thought, ""why not do a side-by-side test?"".  Literally, the right side of my face would be Neutrogena, the left would be the property of Ms. Olay.I started on May 29, right after taking a `before' photo.  So nice to take a close-up makeup-free snap of yourself in bright daylight, such a wonderful way to start the day, but this was for science!Every day (and night) since I've faithfully applied the three Olay products as directed to the left side of my face and neck, and done my usual Neutrogena in the AM and nothing at night on the right.After a month, there is absolutely no discernible difference between the right and left sides of my face; well, besides the differences that were there already.  I have the same amount of wrinkles, the same depth, the same age spots, everything.In the interest of science and for +40 ladies everywhere, here are close-up views of my wrinkly un-made-up face for all to see:(check comments for this info)Yes, it is ugly, but for a good cause!In conclusion, I did not have any adverse reaction to the Olay products.  All three felt good on my face, never oily or heavy.  If I had seen any results at all, I would be happy to continue using them and paying 4x the cost of the Neutrogena Healthy Skin cream. However, without results, I can't see any reason to spend the extra money just for nicer packaging."
I got this product just to have a powder to lightly set my makeup and I got to say it works better than I thought it would even considering I dnt use much of the product whenever I apply it. It's so light but helps get rid of the shine on my face but still leaves a bit of sheen so you know ur skin can breathe with this on and it looks natural and effortless. The other day I was too tired to fuss with makeup so I jus applied concealer under my eyes and buffed this product onto myface and it gave a really nice finish. Evened out my skin tone and even in the evening it still felt comfortable on it's own. Love this foundation!
"This is a great blush. I love the packaging, design and colors. It is big and I like how it is three different colors. It goes on smooth and light."
THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE ITEM THAT MAKES MY WHOLE MASCARA APPLYING ROUTINE SOOO MUCH MORE EASIER!! FOR SOME TIME I WOULD BEND & USE A PAPER MATCHBOOK COVER AND KEEP IT UNDER MY BOTTOM LASHES WHILST APPLYING THE MASCARA..IT WORKED OK BUT COULDN'T USE IT FOR THE UPPER LASHES IN ANY WAY. SO WHERE HAS THIS BEEN ALL MY LIFE?? THANKS SO MUCH FOR THIS..I LOVE IT!
"I agree with the other two reviewers - the color is deceiving. I'm pretty pale - this is more like a bronzer for me. It has pretty remarkable staying power, as well."
"I couldn't get it to pump out, so I opened it up and the stem to the pump was broken.  I did put some of it on, and it does not cover well, and it settled in pores.  Overall, YUCK!"
"Not as advertised.  This is supposed to be a color corrected product and instead it has no color in it.  Pleasant enough to use, I don't find it is helpful to my skin; just not harmful.  Clinique makes a better color correcting CC type cream."
"I'm on my third tube of Blinc, after stumbling onto it through American Apparel.As a contact lens wearer, I love that it doesn't irritate my eyes.As a rainy-city dweller (and someone who does not really futz with makeup more than once a day), I love that it doesn't get smudgey and leave me with raccoon eyes at the end of a long, sweaty day.I haven't had any issues with thinning or falling out lashes, but I HAVE caught myself committing the cardinal Blinc sin and absent-mindedly tugging the tubes off sans-water. I'm trying to break myself of that habit (and I bought the &#34;strengthening&#34; and &#34;vitamin-enriched&#34; primer for peace of mind, which also makes my lashes look much longer/fuller).I never want to go back to 'normal' mascara."
"Even though I am only in my 30s, my skin looked and felt like I was much older. It seemed that no matter what I did I couldn't get rid of the fine lines and wrinkles. I was desperate for something to work, so I figured I would give this product a try. At first, I was skeptical because of the price, but I figured if it worked, it would be well worth it.After using it for a month, I can tell a difference. It goes on feeling light and smooth. You don't have to worry about any greasy film being left on your skin after applying it. The smell isn't pungent like some of the other ones on the market, which is nice. It's simple to use and works wonders. I highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to erase the hands of time and restore their appearance. A true miracle-worker."
"I have sensitive, acne-prone skin, so I decided to give this a try. I bought it at the store, not Amazon. I also just checked the box, and it is this specific one, not the Antibacterial one. Oh, and the box it came in is a week old (we recycle) and still reeks of this soap. I don't know how people are saying that it has no smell because this scent is so overpowering that I smell it for hours in the bathroom after a shower and on my hairline. I just ordered some Reviva bar soaps, hoping that they are also non-drying and don't smell too strongly. I've been using dove bar soap for awhile and it smells wonderful, but it is too drying on my face."
I used this cream and did not see any changes in my skin at all. Waste of money and time.
Using this shampoo and conditioner combo made my hair extremely dry and tangled! I have seen cheaper brands like Suave perform way better than this one. Do not recommend this product
"I don't know if it is the make of the product or the scent, but it makes my hair dry like a broom. I thought it was just me, so my husband used it and his hair was dry like straw too."
"My daughter has hair similar to mine, thick, course, frizzy, with wave.  I control mine by flat iron or curling iron but my 5 year old doesn't have the patience to have her hair done before school.  I was hoping that Motions Naturally You Define My Curls would help tame her hair in the morning.  The product has a strong perfume scent, which my daughter was fine with.  Our biggest problem is that it made her hair really greasy looking, even with just a tiny amount on my hands.  Yes, the frizz was gone but it looked like a greasy mess.  It didn't help define her wave/curls at all.  Lastly, the front label mentions shea butter, coconut and avocado oils, but ingredients are listed last which means they are in the smallest quantities, way behind one of the top ingredients mineral oil.  Still looking for the right product."
"I'm a long time user of Humectress. My experience was great from the 80's till a couple years ago. I noticed, like some others, the formula changed. It smelled a bit different but mostly it didn't seem to work as well.With the current formulation my hair feels heavy and kind of dead after use. When applying the product in the shower after shampooing it used to make my shower comb slide right through my hair. Now my hair is tangle-city and I have to work hard to get through after conditioning. I also need to use much more product to get anything close to good conditioning.I'm sad to say Humectress is leaving my list of preferred hair products and I'm trying new products to find a replacement.Update: Dec 24, 2013:I have begun usingBiolage Fortetherapie Strengthening Conditioner by Matrixand I'm doing very well with this. I still prefer the original salon formula Humectress if I can ever get it again."
"Bought this because of all the good reviews and I needed some help with my bad cuticles. I stuck with it for a while and really gave the oil a chance, but it just did nothing for me.It does have a nice smell though."
"I expected this styling product to WOW me but it did not. This leave in non-fragrant foam is for fine, flat hair. My hair is fine and long and is flat to wavy but will curl on its own if left to air dry or in rainy weather.Since my hair is long, I applied 3 pumps  (instead of the 1-2 pumps recommended) of the product to my hair focusing more on my ends. I then blow-dried my hair and it came out dry and straggly with not much hold.The Dove Hair Styling Oxygen Moisture Leave In Foam container says it delicately moisturizes and gives a light hold.  I got the light hold but the moisturizing component seems to be missing. This is not a product for me."
this cologne smells like dust do not waste your money on this cologne smells like something very cheaap do not waste your time ore your money
"I find it difficult to find cotton rounds that do not break apart as I am using them, or do not deposit lint everywhere.Well, these are an excellent choice of rounds that will not break apart as you use them.If you want an even higher quality (no lint at all) then check out  Delon Pure Performance.I am totally happy with both these brands and will nit have to look any further.  I use them to out toner on my face so I need the good quality."
"I had an oily perfume that its not in spray, I already had one bottle like this one that I got from Avon (with Avon perfume) few years ago and tough it was a good idea, but it leaks :(PS: The Avon bottle never leaked (had it for quite few years)"
"I love this! I tried it above my lips where tiny wrinkles are starting and they disappeared from view! It actually fills the wrinkles! My red nose with huge pores turns my skin color too, within a few seconds. I don't put my foundation over it since it's not needed. It seems like a moisturizer with lots of talc and it dries fast. You pat it on instead of rubbing it in. It's expensive but I'll continue buying more before it's gone because I never want to be without it."
"I bought these SPECIFICALLY to avoid &#34;raccoon eyes,&#34; and after just two uses I looked like I was some comedic movie character who fell asleep on the beach and someone played a prank on me. It was seriously so obvious and embarrassing I had to tan a few more times without goggles (which I NEVER do) just to even things out a little bit. I did myself a BIG FAVOR and ended up buying the Wink Ease sticker goggles, which are amaaaaaazing - although they can be slightly prices since you only get 3-6 uses out of each pair before the sticky properties wear off."
This works well with the weekly CND nail polished. It works well alone too.
"Did you ever watch ""Everybody Loves Raymond?""  There's a bedtime episode in which Patricia Heaton applies hand cream right before lights out.  It's one of her little special treats.  I thought it was cute, and I got it, because I like to use a nice hand cream before bed, too.I use it on my hands and feet at night.  Don't forget to take care of your feet!  A little goes a long way.  In my opinion, it is not fast-absorbing, but it does absorb.  I actually like that it takes a couple minutes for it to soak into my skin.  It gives me enough time to make sure I get it rubbed into my cuticles.Yes, after a couple of weeks I did notice a bit of difference in the texture of my skin, but as is true with any effective moisturizer, that only lasts if I keep with it.  Fortunately, this is a convenient size and quite affordable.  Neutrogena has hits and misses.  This is a hit!"
"These are the worst brushes I have ever used. They smell and they're like a old rug. Only gave 2 stars because there two things I use, the brow brush and angled brush."
"Idk why people like this, but personally I don't. I like how cheap it is but the quality is horrible. It's rough so it doesn't flow nicely when you try to straighten your hair. I have to buy another one so basically I wasted money. Don't waste your money, just spend a little more and buy another straightener worth your money."
This brush works well! It's the best brush I've used at blending eyeshadow and does not shed. I would repurchase.
"I used this product after using the pudding product of the same brand. While it did provide shine, it did not help with my curls. I am not African American and I believe that this brand of hair products is geared towards African American women. It feels and acts like Vaseline and so a little bit goes a long way. My hair is gray, coarse and very wavy. I don't think I'll try this Defining Cream again."
"The shampoo leaves my hair dryeven when I used the conditioner. When I dried it, it was frizzy and the volume was overdone,"
"This conditioner doesn't seem like anything special going in or rinising out, but it really did a great job with my hair! After just one use, it was shinier and way less fluffy and frizzy. I have a really bad haircut I'm trying to grow out, so I'm especially sensitive to my hair looking poufy or frizzy, and this has made a huge difference in my ability to tolerate this awful cut. I've been using it every 2-3 washes, and I wash my hair once or twice a week and use either no product or a light oil in it.(I have short, very slightly wavy hair that I wear straight. Before I started using this, it went out every which way with the ""textured"" cut, but now I can manage to get it more or less how I want it with just some wetting and smoothing, and a few drops of light oil if I want some extra gloss.)Light scent, and the container makes controlling the flow of product easy."
This product does everything I need it to do!! The only problem I have with it is that it feel cheap and uncomfortable to grip. It is all metal with no rubber for gripping.
"I really wanted to like this product. According to all the great reviews, it must work on a lot of people with combination or oily skin. It's marketed for ""oily, impure"" skin. So, I gave this a try, along with the normalizing toner, but it made me breakout the first time I used it. However, being an optimist, and since I spent so much on it and read the rave reviews, I thought maybe I should be patient, to see if my skin was just clearing out and adjusting to it. Nope! After over a month of use and repeated breakouts, I tossed both products in the garbage. I also wasn't too keen on the strong herbal/botanical scents both this oil and the toner have."
"I often don't have time to do makeup, so this is awesome to have you can just put it in your bag doesn't take up that much room and it is neutral colors.... love it :)"
"I received this flat iron as a gift from my big bro. Extremely happy with it, very smooth and gentle on my hair."
I did not care for these at all.  I use cosmetic wedges every day but these are made of something different and they had a weird smell.  In the trash they went.
"OK, I love this eyeshadow primer, works really good.  I love how it feels, helps to prevent creases and eyeshadow to stay on all day.  I love this color.  I have brown eyes and find that this color works well for me."
"I was so excited the day this product arrived. I figured since it was all natural and had great products it would wonderful for my skin. I'm a big fan of taking care of ones skin. So I was taking a shower and figured let me use it and see what it can do as I had tried the honey and rose toner face wash and it was pretty good.So as I put the product on my skin felt a little irritated but i figured this was the ""gentle exfoliation"" that was mentioned. It's a week later and my skin around my cheek bones is red and blistered up the rest of my face is red, irritated and dry with skin flaking off regularly. I have tried multiple treatments to reduce or eliminate the redness and irritation but so far nothing has worked.I really wish Amazon would make it possible to email the seller or maker of some of these products to give them a piece of my mind.It's really unfortunate and I feel quite depressed walking around with everyone staring at my face like I have some really bad sunburn.If anyone is reading this and in the same situation, let us pray for each other.If you reading this and have a solution that I could try for the dry redness and blistering irritation on my skin please let me know! I would really appreciate it.I will never purchase this product again nor recommend it."
"This product is excelent for mixed face maskand others powers is not to big but is easy touse ,  the plastic is soft and have beautiful colorcome on time and in perfect shape"
It's very small and the shadows aren't that great.  Lots of fallout and the colors don't stand out.  They come off too easily.  The lipgloss is alright.
"This does not work good in my thin, waist length hair!!!! Made a pony and put in and it slide out and got tangled.. It's just cheap plastic with poor grip.. Very disappointed!!"
"I love this product, better to use at night because of its oily compound. Rids wrinkles at best. I am a Jamaican and the product works really well for my skin."
"I wanted to try coal eyeliner, but this created so much fallout, that I really wasn't able to use it.  Perhaps there is a method that I'm not aware of to make it work, but I went back to my gel liner after a few tries with this new liner :("
I accidentally ordered this confusing it for the Organix coconut milk. I did not like this. It made my hair feel dry and I didn't see much shine. My daughter loved it however and used it every morning after she beach waved her hair.
"It does work well when it works. It did fine for about two weeks until it needed to be charged and now it won't stay on for the full one minute. When it worked, my skin was soft and clean and I saw a noticeable difference. I'm definitely going to buy something similar from a more trustworthy brand."
"I have combination, acne-prone skin, and I have tried many cleansers, irrespective of the price.  This is my favorite.  It cleans thoroughly, doesn't leave any residue, and doesn't dry out my skin.  The fact that it is inexpensive is a pleasant bonus.  I will continue to buy and highly recommend it."
"I have used Simple's wipes for Sensitive Skin since they first came out and LOVED them. They do a great job of getting off all of my make up when I am too lazy to wash my face.  I use these new wipes daily now and so far, they seem to be helping to lighten the few dark spots I have.  Since I use a silicone base with my make up, it is next to impossible to get off with just my cleanser and this is a great first step to get rid of the base.  I haven't noticed any issues with my sensitive skin and I turn red when anything doesn't agree with me.  Also, the scent is fresh and not overwhelming."
I like how it gives you a bit of a tingle and seems to stay on a little longer than ordinary lip balm. Comes with clear gloss on other end and is nice on top of this for a more natural color (or lack of color).
"Somehow this face cream worsened my acne. I even stuck it out, finishing the entire tube, thinking my face was just adjusting and might come out better in the end. What a waste and a disappointment."
"I was very glad buying the product after reading the great reviews. Had the right combination of ingrediaents too. However, the cream was open when it arrived. Also thi shas no list of directions. I really doubt if the product is genuine. I did end up using it and it made absolutely no difference to my skin whatsoever. Dont waste your money on this."
Good buy for a young girl just starting out with makeup.  Gave them as a Christmas gift and all I heard was ooooh aaaaah.
"For the past couple summers, I have been usingCoppertone Sport SPF 30 Continuous Spray Clear Twin Pack, 6-Ounce Cansin an aerosol spray bottle because I wanted to apply the sunscreen without having to use my hands.  But I'm trying to use products that are in recyclable packaging so I wanted to try this sunscreen.First off, it smells good but says it is fragrance free, so it must be the scent of the ingredients.  I am very sensitive to perfumes and always appreciate products with no added perfumes.  Next, it looks a little funky in the bottle with green swirls but just ignore that - it goes on white and absorbs without any green showing.It leaves my skin feeling very soft and doesn't have the sticky feeling that sunscreen often gets.  I like this product a lot.  I still prefer spraying my sunscreen, but this container is recyclable (you have to pull the cap off to see the recycling code) so that outweighs my preference for spraying.Unfortunately I can't review how well it works as a sunscreen.  I have skin that tan very easily and went out in the sun for a lot of little times when I thought I didn't need sunscreen until my skin is quite tan.  However, I have been using this when I am intending to be in the sun for long periods while out training for a half marathon and don't see any redness when I get back so I assume it is doing its job.One more thing, if you are exercising in the sun/heat and sweating up a storm, you will get a lotion/sweat slick.  I think that is the case no matter what kind of sunscreen you use."
"I had one magnetic laquer before and liked it a lot, so wanted to try more, but this ones are not good, cause they don't really reflect the magnetic shape and colors look cheap."
"I was really looking forward to the benefits of this soap from all of the positive reviews. So, I ordered 2 lbs. The first time I used it my face instantly burned so bad I had to get it off my skin. After the first time I tolerated it much better. But, I soon had much worse acne and pimples on my face, and for the first time in my life I had acne on my back - and it was severe. With some research I think I understand why this happened. First the ash in the product really strips your skins natural layer, and then it gets covered with a film of palm oil which clogs the pores. This palm oil created a waxy like film on my back and this is what brought on my back acne.I also tried using it to wash my hair but initially it stripped my hair so bad that it was like straw, but then before 24 hours was up my hair was oily looking from the film of palm oil it had left in my hair. That is not normal for me. I never tried it again on my hair as that was a disaster.I quit using the soap on my face and back and within 2 days I was having a dramatic improvement in my skin. No more clogging the pores with palm oil. No more changing the PH balance with ash. And my skin is improving.I will gradually turn all of these 2 pounds of soap into liquid soap and use as a hand soap for use after working in the garden. And when it is used up I will never order this stuff again."
"I would not recommend this product.  Each time I used it, it started burning way too quickly (yes my scalp was greased up first).  My hair never came out as straight as it does with other products and the sub-par results it does give, does not last long. Typically I only relax my hair every 6-8 weeks.  I had to get a touch up in 4 weeks using this brand."
"While this product calls itself ""Ultra Shea"" and also notes ""with shea butter"" on the front label, shea is actually the 7th ingredient, after Mineral Oil (#1), Hydrogenated Coconut Oil (hence the suntan lotion smell), Hydrogenated Styrene/Butadiene Copolymer, Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) oil, and BHT (preservative). So if you're expecting some yummy natural product from the ""ultra shea"" reference, you'll be disappointed. In this case ""ultra"" either means ""a little bit"" or ""mostly petrochemical products but also.""(Notably, the ingredients aren't immediately visible on the bottle--you have to remove the peel-off label to expose them.)But I'm not opposed to synthetic beauty products, so aside from the misleading packaging, I gave it a whirl. It's a pretty standard hair oil: greasy and thick, which is good for heavy damage or use on ends. I'd probably avoid using it on my scalp except as a deep treatment to be shampooed out, because the oil is quite heavy.But the scent is a deal-breaker for me. It's a *heavy* coconut smell that doesn't readily dissipate and leaves you smelling like you should be on a carnival cruise ship. (I love a light coconut scent, especially tempered with citrus  or mint; but this smells like you're all buttered up in a deck chair swilling a pina colada.)I do like the bottle, which has an elmer's glue type lid that lets you dispense a few drops at a time, and seems to be pretty leak-resistant."
The black is a true black and not an off black which was nice to find out.  It is a strong polish that does not chip easily.  I would buy more colors of this when I need them and they work great with the Konad and other brands of design plates of nail art.
"I've used several different protein powders over the years, and for me, taste and texture are key. Designer Whey Fit & Trim doesn't meet either of those criteria as well as I'd like.The taste is just okay--when mixed with water or milk, it has kind of a sweet, vanilla flavor, but it wasn't good enough that I wanted to drink it by itself. It's better when you add fruit, cocoa powder, or instant coffee to it. And the texture is pretty grainy.Another thing to note is that while it is Designer Whey Protein with Soy, the soy protein is actually the first ingredient. I'd prefer it with only whey protein.While it has 15 grams of protein per serving, that's actually much less than some other brands (Body Fortress, my personal favorite, has 26 grams).For those reasons, I can't recommend this protein powder."
"I did not like how slimy my hands and feet felt after using the gloves and socks.  A friend used the other pair and liked how her hands and feet felt.  I think it was a personal feel, as I don't really suffer from dry skin.  I would not reccomend this product."
"These are going to look wonderful on my nails.  Very, very small, but perfect for my small nails.  I love this selection and it is unique to others I have seen.  Plus the price is amazing!"
"I actually enjoy the soothing noise from the hair dryer but it doesn't seem to dry very fast.  It took a long time and I found it difficult at times to keep on, it seems like it wanted to blow right off my head and I had to hold the top part and usually end up giving up and grabbing the hand held hair dryer to hurry up"
Reviews are so great for this ag recoil I got this cuz ppl said it was good on natural curly hair like mine and to my surprise I did not like at all had a lot of stringy pieces in my hair and left it more of a wavy not as curly.
"I was very disappointed with this brush. I have thin, shoulder length hair but a lot of it. Since I have a lot of layers, I was excited to use a brush that would help cut down on drying time. First impressions were that this brush felt very &#34;light&#34;. I get the idea of not wanting a brush that is too heavy, but this brush feels very cheap and flimsy. I also did not like the quality of the synthetic bristles. They were very hard and even the ones that were supposed to be softer, were still hard and &#34;pokey&#34;. I liked that the middle of the actual brush was open so that heat could flow through the brush and to more of my hair easily. When I attempted to dry my hair with a blow dryer and this brush, I noticed right away that my towel-dried hair was getting stuck in the brush. It yanked and pulled, with such little effort, that I had to continually stop drying and use both hands to get the brush out. I regularly use conditioning products to smooth and silken my hair as well as comb through my hair in the shower, so there was no reason that the brush should have gotten stuck like that. I thought that maybe it was because my hair was partly air/towel dried so I attempted to use the brush when my hair was very wet (which I dislike doing because putting heat on soaking wet hair can't be good for it) and when my hair was almost dry (again, I dislike doing this because then I lose any volume/style I might be able to create), and there were no changes. This brush got stuck every time. I can not speak to how well this brush speeds up drying time or how much volume it adds since I could not use it without stopping to untangle my hair constantly. I do not recommend this brush for any reason, especially not for the purposes listed."
I really wanted this product to use on the little tags on the sides of my fingers that when ripped to far become a pain in the buttocks. They relieved the pain and with the addition of the cuticle pusher and scraper made my whole nail area look so much nicer. I found to that after receiving this product that other family members had the want to use it as well which must say something.
"I like these liners, I only use like 2 of them currently but as an african american woman this has a lot of color so I can fill in the brown outline I naturally have. Its also good way to tint your lip gloss"
"Well this lotion is definitively the worst I have ever tried in my life.I attempted 3 times to apply it on my skin and each time after about 20 minutes it started causing a terrible redness and burning in the eyes (I had not put it around the eyes though). This is certainly limited to MY OWN skin, so this reaction should be taken as a rare exception. The weird thing is that I tried probably hundreds of lotions of any types in my life, even some very cheap made in china ones, and this is the very fist that causes me such a reaction. Not sure which ingredient is responsible for that. Or maybe the product was very old (I bought it on Ebay from an overstock seller).It is also very oily, it does not look like it absorbs well and you might find your pillow oily too if you apply it just before bed."
"I like the range of colors offered but the formula is just too stiff.  If this was a bit creamier, I could load it to my brush and apply easier."
"Don't know why I continue to spend $$$ on more expensive products when Pantene is available. This conditioner left my wet hair without tangles, and feeling soft without being weighed down or greasy when dry.  The brightening agents did not leave me in fear of having &#34;blue hair&#34;, but did bring out the sparkle and shine I was hoping for.  Also smells great! Highly recommended."
this will be my second time ordering and I really love him natural when you put them onso if you'd like to looknatural when you worry I would definitely recommend this to youlove it
Very disappointed in this product. We used as directed on the bottle & found it to be very sticky & hairs stick together like it's wet. Not the look I was hoping for.
"Yes.  This is a great deal for the Proactiv Solution Kit which includes the 3 Steps.  The cleanser is Step 1, toner is Step 2, and repairing treatment lotion is Step 3.  I have been using this kit for several years and can't go without this product.  I occasionally have acne breakout, but it is much milder acne because I use Proactiv.  I do run out of product and that is when I have break outs.  I usually buy each Proactiv Step separately, because Step 2 and Step 3 last longer than Step 1 does.  If I find a great deal on whole 3pc kit, I will opt for the kit.  Amazon has great deals and prices, just be sure to check the shipping charges as well.  I would definitely recommend this product and be sure to check for expiration dates, especially for Step 1."
ive used better pens. to me it wasnt really worth the price but maybe its just the remover it came with. the tip is pretty hard and its like u scrape the paint away on your fingers which u could go with a cuticle pusher.
"I was so hoping this product would work as well as most of the John Frieda products do.  However, sadly it is not up to par.  In order for the ends of my hair to stay glossy I would need to reapply ever 30 minutes or even sooner.  Also, I did notice that my hair became brittle after using this product.  I'm sad to say I will be returning this.  On a positive note the item arrived very quickly."
I've gone natural.I have 4c hair. This seems to work pretty well in my hair. I haven't tried any other leave in conditioner at this point since this one seems to be working.
"The picture shows black with no other color options available to choose from, that I saw.  When it arrived, it was bent and was unpackaged in a 3 x 3 envelope with no instructions, and was BRIGHT PURPLE!  How do you hide that??!!  Change my hair color to purple, I guess.  Anyway, I sent it off to Good Will."
I found this did not absorb into my skin as well as some of the other serums I've tried.  I didn't see any benefit from using it unfortunately - will not buy this again.
"I have thick, very curly hair that I style naturally...just finger-combing and I'm completely good with that.  This style works for all seasons..especially during the summer when I am in and out of the ocean and/or pool A LOT. I do not flatiron, straighten, or blow dry my hair .  I followed the directions on the can, and it all worked until I got to #3...which is &#34;Brush through your hair.&#34; I don't ever brush my hair because that removes all the individual curls but leaves a lot of volume; I DID brush it this time to use this product and it left me looking like a VERY unkempt lioness who had been scared by something really frightening.  This product may be good for people with straight hair or people with curly hair who try to have straight hair...although I also did not like the &#34;feel&#34; of my hair after using it.  I can not recommend it for those who wish to use it and STILL maintain their natural curls."
"Price is good, but this is a no-go for those of us with good skin who don't want a heavy powder. VERY heavy coverage, even when applied with a brush because it contains talc. Will go right into the garbage where it belongs."
"For a make-up novice, this stuff is great! It goes on smoothly and easily - doesn't have that scratchy pencil consistency. It even comes with a sharpener. The only downside is that the creamyness wears off. Luckily, after sharpening (or if it breaks) the liner resumes its nice and easy application. It also helps to sharpen it if you like a nice thin line. I think almost anyone can successfully use this liner!"
"This primer is awful! I expected SO much from NYX with this primer, but I was disappointed.The formula is chalky white and streaky when applied. It is not smooth or easy to apply foundation over.I do like the packaging and pump, but hate the actual primer. I do not use this at all.Try the photo perfecting primer from NYX instead. Its MUCH better!"
"The mist size on this spray is adjustable, and I can get a perfect fine mist with this! Water sprays out evenly, and it works perfectly for hair styling or hair cutting purposes. Highly recommended. This size bottle is a bit small, and I would recommend it for personal use rather than for client use."
"I believe CoverGirl had a ton of black mascara left over and needed to market it quickly. That's good for them, but bad for us. I used it three separate times for the purposes of digging out the issues for you. The fluid - the product - itself seems to be great. It stays on during the day and washes off with soap (it is NOT waterproof, but it doesn't claim to be). The problem? THE APPLICATOR IS ATROCIOUS. If you like clumps on your lashes, buy this. There is NO way to drag those clumps off without some of them going on your eyelashes. L'Oreal Voluminous Waterproof is still the best. I often try new ones for kicks, but this one is a 100% no-go because of the applicator. I hope this helps you choose."
"These cannot be for human hands!!!  I have 60 grit sandpaper which is LESS coarse.  These are so coarse they tear up your nails. AND they are the same grit on both sides, while being advertised as being different."
"After reading reviews and doing my own experimenting, this is what I've learned:**shake the bottle before use**skin must be clean and oil-free**if skin puckers, dab gently with wet fingertip**mixing with foundation will reduce the effectivenessAs far as flaking is concerned, I haven't noticed any, although my daughter said it flaked a little when she tried it.  I really need to wear foundation (due to pigmentation issues) and so I will continue to experiment."
This is such good stuff. All organic and so creamy. I use this for my conditioner cleansing (no shampoo for me) - it leaves my hair so nicely conditioned! My hair has that nice heavy hang from all the moisturizing ingredients. Great 1st step in my hair routine. Have used this for 2 years with great results. Great to detangle my curly hair with - nice slip.Can also be bought at Lakshmi's Cupboard online store for $4.40. Ships same or next day.
"My bad, I read the reviews and purchsed on-linefirst (without knowing the scent).  Thank goodness I got the add-on, and not the PRIME tri-pack.  First, i'm not a TRESemme user, so I have no idea what their other products smell like.  Maybe this is similar.  Considering the ratings, I'm probably in the minority where my brain just doesn't comprehend the scent.The overall smell to me is similar to waking up after a frat party and smelling a cup with cheap stale beer.  I personally don't consider this &#34;citris&#34; but it does have a sharp, pungent smell.  As I get closer, I can hone in on the floral type scent, but I just feel the chemical aroma over powers all together.  I'm so sad:(  I was really hopeful.  I'll see if any of my other friends have a different sense of smell, as I'll be happy to give this away."
"Biotin did great things for my hair, I used it for two weeks, and almost immediately I could see the difference in my hair. It looks healthier and thicker.  After two weeks of taking one capsule daily, I started having really bad acne.  My skin was really clear before I started using this product, so I am discontinuing my use of it.  It's a great product if you don't end up with huge pimples all over your face."
"I am so shocked to read that so many people have had the same problem with this product as me, I thought it was an isolated incident. I too used it for 2-3 uses and then POOF the can was suddenly empty! there is definately some sort of defect with this product!"
"The first thing that surprised me about this is the drying effect.  The color gave my skin a chalky color and didn't easily cover evenly.  I didn't see where it does anything that it claims to.  It is drying instead of hydrating and there was no brightening or anti-aging effects.  It couldn't substitute for foundation because it doesn't even skin tones and can't be used near the eyes.  I didn't realize that until I read the warnings.  It also can't be used on damaged or broken skin.  For sun protection it says use a water resistant sunscreen if swimming or sweating and says to reapply it every two hours.  My dermatologist recommends me to use good sunscreen because of a medication that I take makes my skin more sensitive to the sun, but this is more trouble than it is worth to me.  It is easier to just put on makeup with a regular sunscreen.  I would not recommend this."
"I guess this product is exactly what was advertised, but still not what I expected. It is a very viscous oil, and wil make your hair greasy and slimey when you apply it. It is recommended that you leave it in your hair overnight, but don't do this unless you want your pillowcase to look like the bottom of a french fry basket.This oil does not smell anything like coconut. My kids think I smell like rotten pickles when I use it. I think it smells more like an Asian seafood marinade. Regardless, it's not a look or smell you will find desirable.It congeals to a solid between uses, and has to be heated to turn it back into a liquid. Not interolerable, but inconvenient.As for the effect on my hair, I can't say as I have noticed a significant difference. I have been using regularly for about 2 weeks, and while I have no particular complaints about my hair, neither have I noticed any difference in it. I have to believe that I can get similar or greater benefits from other hair oils with less of these unpleasant other qualities."
Great product. Does what it is supposed to. Fades my scars. Notice changes every week I use it. I strongly reccomend this if your complexion needs help.
"I tried this product recently being that my normal product (Clearasil Maximum Strength Acne Treatment Cream, Tinted - 1 OZ) was out of stock at my local drug store. This product is just as effective as Clearasil, but I found the texture to not be as smooth as Clearasil and therefore did not absorb evenly and fully into the skin when applied. My primary complaint is that when you are 1/2 a tube down it basically shoots out when you try to dispense a dab to your fingertip. With clearasil that was never a problem. Many teenagers are trying this product since they are heavily promoting it. I gave a tube to my teenage son and he has yet to see a pimple since starting daily use. He applies a very thin layer to his entire face daily and this seems to be very effective. Prior to using acne treatment creams he would have occassional flare ups around his nose and lips but those are now gone. I have had adult acne off and on my entire adulthood, but with the use of tea tree oil, moisturizer, and either clearasil or this my face now stays clear 99% of the time. If you are an adult acne sufferer I would recommend you tryClearasil Adult Care Acne Treatment Cream, Tinted 0.65 OZ, 2 Packsinstead because it has a different medicine formulated just for adults."
"I order this for my daughter and I know it took an long time to come but when I gotten it, it was broken. When I contacted seller they asked me to take a picture to send another one but I didn't just cuz I knew how long it takes to come!"
"I was not immediately sold on Wen, but with a little playing around to see what worked best for my type of hair, I grew to love it. In fact, I am on my second super size bottle of the lavender. Having fine curly hair, I really needed something to moisturize and volumize, and this product works for me. I do not use as much as the bottle says to use, nor do I ""wash"" twice. I simply make sure my hair is soaked, then I slather a good handful or 2 all over, massaging scalp, and all the way to the ends, then add a little more water, use a wide tooth comb to comb thru and leave it while finishing the shower, then I rinse my head last. Before I get out, I put a little pump full into my wet hair as a leave in.I also am hooked on Deva curl products, so I may vary this routine by using the Deva One conditioner instead or before the Wen, if I am really dry. Also I use the Deva gel which combined with Wen really gives me full and defined curls! After using Wen for months now, my hair looks healthier, it is not breaking hardly at all! Granted, I am not combing it either except during said shower. If you have baby fine curls I think you might like this, as I do. It smells great, no animal testing, and even though it is a bit pricey, it seems to last. I truly love it."
"If your looking for a full coverage, this is not for you.. Its light maybe medium and that's a big maybe... Super watery . Not my favorite  and not for the price"
"Suave Kids 2 in 1 Shampoo and Conditioner Cowabunga Coconut.  This is good shampoo/conditioner, but it can leave hair dry.  But I will not deduct a star for that, because it probably depends on the type of hair you have.  Since this product is clearly labeled as ""kids"", then if an adult uses it, it might or ir might not be ""perfect"" for them.  But even if it is not ""perfect"", it is next to perfect, because it does get the hair clean, and the smell is good.  If it does indeed leave your hair a little dry, then I guess you just need to condition it a little more to make up for it.But for kids' hair, it is ""perfect"".  Highly recommended for ""kids"".Great product and great, trusted name brand.  And great smell."
"Im not a big fan of the tangle teaser, but I like it.  It's hard to detangle a tiny part without having the brush to catch on another part that im detangling. I usually see more hair on the tangle teaser than on my wide tooth comb."
"Now these are worth my money. They have a nice well (line to fit your nail up to) on them. The right sized U shape seems to fit so nicely on my nails. They are not too thick or thin. Once the acrylic is over the nail and tip they are perfect.Something I never actually thought I would write, but I recommend these tips. I wish I would have found these years ago!"
"I think there are better ways of puffing the hair, like a very cheap kind of sponge thar has a velcro on it. But it's an ok product."
"I thought it would take forever to straighten my thick and wavy hair with this narrow flat iron but I was wrong. It was went quickly. The iron heats up quickly and gives a nice hot press. The end results is shiny, flat, non -frizzy hair that lasts all day if it is dry and most of the day if it is rainy or humid.There are videos on youtube teaching curling with a flat iron techniques how to curl my hair with this flat iron, which worked well. I have tried it before with a wider iron and got so so results with this iron I got very good results.I'm still practicing but the iron does a good job and it looks like I am replacing my older wider flat iron AND my curling iron with this."
the Polish came on time in the mail it is beautiful on your nails. I recommend this polish to everybody I love China Glaze product
"I first tried this sunscreen on a sunny day when I was outside for maybe two hours. I didn't get a sunburn, so I figured it worked fine. Compared to cream-based sunscreens, I really like the aerosol style. It's much easier to apply this spray to hairy arms and legs than a lotion is -- no endless rubbing with this stuff.However, the second time I used this stuff I was outside for most of the day. My wife and I applied it once near the beginning of our outing and we were both showing signs of sunburn after three hours. We reapplied the sunscreen at that time, but the damage was done. I don't want to think about reapplying the sunscreen that often, so I think we'll stick with the cream. The spray-on stuff would be great if it actually works, but I'd rather avoid a sunburn than avoid spending a minute rubbing the cream into my skin."
"being a makeup artist i am always willing to try other things. I usually by my concealer camouflage from another well known company, so i thought since this looked like the same product & it was alot cheaper, Id's give it a try. well the quality is not the same, the coverage isnt that great, it is somewhat oily, you'd think that would be ok since I have dry skin but no. It doesn't work well at all. I still like my concealers to have a matte finish, this does not. Every color had pink undertones. I thought that the green or yellow pots would be great to mix with the other colors or help with skin conditions on my clients but that doesn't work either. the green shows off a oily light whitish green. Even the darker colors have pink or red undertones. Luckily I have so many foundation colors with different  undertones. I can use a foundation with a green undertone to neutralize the pink in this concealer. I will just go back to my original company and order their concealer camouflage."
"I'm very fair skinned and this turned orange the minute I applied it.  I will never be able to wear this.  I'm bummed that I wasted the money.  If you are really fair, I would try another brand."
"It makes you feel like a film is covering your hair, you really have to rinse this stuff out. My hair didn't feel clean or healthier either"
"I have certain perfumes for certain occasions. This I use before working out or when I'm feeling sporty in general. Smells &#34;eh&#34; in the bottle but smells damn delicious on the body. A classic, clean scent."
"The ""Damage reducing conditioning plates are infused with Avocado and Conditioners that prevent moisture loss and cuticle damage"" may be a gimmick but I was pleasantly surprised to find this iron to works better (straighter hair faster) than my current iron. My hair felt much, much hotter to the touch (I nearly burnt myself when touching my hair after straightening) but the hair needed fewer passes through to become straight. I will be interested to see if the ""Avocado and Conditioners"" wear off the iron over time."
"This is the best brush ever. It's small and very dense and soft. I applies foundation beautifully, if you want that very smooth, thing layers that look almost airbrushed. This is small and I do believe there is a large version. Small takes more times but means it works on the nose and around the eyes. It is very dense so foundation blends beautifully. I use it with Laura Mercier Silk Cream Foundation and BB creams and it does an amazing job. The beauty blender is faster and soft on the skin.  This looks even better, as you can really blend.  You can use it for any cream or liquid product. I use it to apply powdered blush sometimes as it's small and I like to apply blush on a small area, as I have redness near the nose, so I don't want anything pinky even close to that area. So I can bland in small area with this. It is very well made. It feels so soft against the skin yet the very firm. It's a super dense brush and fairly stiff.  This is a really well made brush."
"I received this pretty fast which was the only plus. I plugged it in, turned it on, it came on for about 1.66587455 seconds and then shut off..........hasn't worked since. Waste of money and time. I will just invest on a better quality drill for a little bit more money. Period."
"The product is of a very cheap quality and quite a few of the shapes are mis-shaped. They adhere fine to nails, but turn dull when top coat is applied. The gems were really cheap...and I guess, well, you get what you pay for..:-("
"I am an Olay fan but thought it would be nice to try this brand.  I have heard a lot about it on beauty blogs so I thought I would give it a go.  Let me say first off that this is labeled as a CREAM.  It is NOT a cream (not my definition of a cream anyway).  It is more like a gel.  It is very sticky going on and it doesn't get absorbed into your skin.  Twenty minutes after applying my skin still felt like I had applied glue (and I used a moderate amount).  I had to take a dry wash cloth and wipe my face because I was afraid my face would stick to my pillow as I fell asleep.I also didn't care for the fragrance.  It isn't overpowering but it isn't something that made me think ""mmmmm, this smells good"".  The odor that came to mind for some reason was the soap in airplane lavatories.Water is the first ingredient listed and glycerin is the second listed.  So, I am not surprised at that considering the consistency of the product.  I don't think this product moisturizes.  It acts more like a pore blocking protectant of some kind.I understand some people might like this product but I just can't get on board.  I will stick with the Olay creams that don't break out my skin."
wonderfulll amezing .... ... ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . .i will order more later
"The package says you'll see visible wrinkle repair results in just one week (7 nights). I've been using this cream for 9 nights on my face and neck (excluding eyelids only) without any visible results.The first evening I tried it, my face felt itchy and dry the next morning.  Since I was aware of the packaging warning that cautions the user about a possible reaction which indicates the product is working, I was not concerned.  The irritation didn't continue on any subsequent nights so I continued to apply this cream religiously for 8 more nights. I found the cream to be somewhat moisturizing but that's all.The moisturizer also has a strong smell similar to the smell of the self-tanning products that are on the market but I was not bothered by this too much as it wears off pretty quickly.Overall, this product gets zero stars for wrinkle repair results and three stars as a moisturizer.  I definitely feel there are better products on the market.  I will continue to use this cream until it's finished but would not purchase this in the future."
"I bought this at a local store but it was called ""#30 Darkest Brown Sweet Cola"" not ""#30 Soft Black Sweet Cola"" as it is stated on Amazon. I'm not sure if I got an old/new box and they changed the name because of the results people were getting or what. On Garnier's website it is still listed as Darkest Brown. If I was looking for Soft Black I might be satisfied because my hair did turn out black...which was not what I wanted. Luckily my features can carry black hair but if they could not have I would be pretty devastated. I'm hoping the color will fade a bit but I'll probably re-dye it with a different brand and hope to add some brown depth. This hair color is very one note, very flat and not rich at all.This was the first time I've used a Garnier hair dye and it will be the last. Not only was the color too dark (for the box I got) but it also turned my hair into hay. I should have known better because their shampoo does the same thing to my hair and I've thrown out their products before. But everyone is always raving about their dye so I gave in. There was nothing nourishing about the conditioner included either. I could tell it was doing nothing to help my hair while I was trying to massage it in. Once I was out of the shower I had to use spray in conditioner in order to brush my hair out without feeling like I was tearing it apart. I've been conditioning it like crazy to try to get some of its life back and cut the frizz down that was left behind.I have very thick and longer hair, it comes to the middle of my shoulders, and one box only covered half of my head. I'm glad I got 2 boxes just in case but even if my hair was shorter I still wouldn't have been able to cover it all. Unless your hair is very thin I would advise you to get 2 boxes if you decide to try this dye.I have used the new John Frieda foam in color 3N Deep Brown-Black and it matched the box color depicted pretty well. It was a dark, multidimensional brown and in no way the flat black I have now. It seemed to fade fast however, so I was hoping for something with better staying power. The foam is MUCH easier to apply as well. I did not use the Garnier foam because I have not heard good things about it unlike the cream."
"I tried this product a few months ago. I found the formula too thin and runny and difficult to spread (it was actually a little streaky), and it provided poor coverage with weak pigmentation. I even shook it to mix it. Also, the colour did not match my skin tone (I'm peachy toned, and the lightest tone made me look like I was wearing a mask).The only upsides I can think of are that this moisturizer contains sunscreen and I liked the herbal smell to it and the fact that it had natural ingredients. I think I'll stick to my Korean BB creams though."
"my foot...if you have ANY kinds of allergic or sensitivity to scents put this product back.  I have migraines and triggers most always center around smells. Although this product might be OK and I just mean OK, the smell makes it quite nauseating.  If you like the scent thieves then go ahead and try it.I just couldn't get around that smell.  When will manufacturers get that?  If we put it on our face which is alot of the time sensitive anyway, why do they keep flocking us with smelly products?  Most people know that if it has a scent in it the product most always has alcohol too?But, for the sake of a review I will tell you this:  I did give this product a try and after washing my face before I went to bed with my normal cleanser and my face being totally void of anything, I applied this cream. It does have a nice texture and creaminess to it.  It went on well and felt clean and not at all greasy.  Very nice.  But then this...it never dried or went in.  It stayed on top of my skin and got very sticky within a period of about 10 minutes and the cream was still sticky when I woke up the next morning.  My whole face was sticky.This claims to be an am/pm cream but if it stays on top of my skin during the night I'm sure it will do the same during the day and my face will be sticky underneath my makeup.  But, no I didn't try it during the day.  I don't even want this cream on my hands.  The scent itself isn't worth the usefulness of the cream."
"This serum aborb pretty fast after applying and you don't feel oily at all. I haven't tried it for a long time but I think it makes your skin smooth and feel well. The circle takes time to dissappear I think. Customer service is good, so don't worry. They have registered delivery.Update:I don't think the product works. It seems like water to me. I don't see any change."
Love this got them pretty fast and thw size of this are great.. and the price is so good too.. I got three and I am very happy with it..
"I purchased this after it was recommended by a specialist at Bloomingdale's.  I am in my early 30s have combination skin (dry for the most part, but an oily forehead).  My skin is not sensitive by any means.  I used this as directed and it made my skin worse than it has ever been!  My chin broke out in severe acne (which I normally do not have), while the rest of my face turned red and splotchy (almost like a rash).  It also left most of my face feeling itchy.  I went from using just powder on my face to having to use full coverage make-up to cover up the mess this left.  Luckily, I was able to return it to the store for a full refund.  It's been almost a week since I've stopped using it and I'm still working on repairing the damage this caused to my face.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  And, I'm steering clear from this company all together."
"In order to be fair, I want to state first that I have long, thick, auburn hair. There is a bit of curl to it (very much so when it is short) and my hair will stick out in a hundred different directions on a humid day (thanks, Mom!). So, while this hair stick is absolutely stunning, I had to use other products (and clips) to complete my look. Especially considering that my usual hair routine is to chuck it into a ponytail and braid it!Design & UseHair sticks date back many centuries, especially in the Far East, as Japanese women (especially during the Edo period) would put their hair into elaborate up-dos and use hairpins (as well as other hair accouterments) to keep their style from falling out. During that time, hairpins were also a status symbol, with the wealthiest women having them made in various fine metals with elaborate details. In terms of using the hair stick, nothing has really changed in modern times; this pin functions the same as those created centuries ago, although it is infinitely cheaper than one made of pure jade, for instance.As you can see from the picture, this hair stick is a bronze/gold color with colored rhinestones, a raised filigree, and a chain that dangles from the head of the piece. If looking at the hairpin from the front (meaning, the side with the rhinestones for decoration), the gems are set to look like leaves circling counter-clockwise on a vine. On the left side there are two large and two medium-sized gems used to create the wings of a butterfly. The tips of the antennae on the butterfly also have rhinestones. The chain actually dangles from a secondary loop in the chain, resulting in two ends. Each end has a different stone; one is a larger teardrop and the other is a small, faceted amethyst.QualityThe quality of this hair pin is what amazes me, especially considering the LOW cost! It is not easy to tell from the vendor's photo of the piece, but the detailing on this piece is beautiful. It weighs a bit, coming in at 0.953 oz. (27.03 g.), and feels like it could withstand a lot of abuse. While it is heavier than I expected, it is still lightweight enough to hold a bun in place without pulling itself out of my hair. The only complaint that I have is that you have to be careful with the chain that dangles from the head of the hairpin; it sometimes gets tangled in my hair and I have to gently coax it out for fear of snapping the chain (or pulling out my hair).I said it before, but let me say it again, this hair stick is GORGEOUS! As a comparison, I bought some ""chopsticks"" for my hair that were made by Goody; they were some sort of amber-colored polymer, and they cost me MORE than this metal hairpin. The Goody brand had some grooves along the middle parts of each stick in order to keep them in place and not slide out of your hair. While this pin doesn't have that, the raised filigree up and down the length of the stick serves the same purpose.OverallWhile some may consider this hairpin a bit ostentatious, I consider it a beautiful accessory to any outfit. Whether you want to add a touch of elegance to your hairdo or just like it for its great construction to keep your hair in place, this piece is definitely worth the wait to have in your jewelry box. Combined with other items that the vendor carries, you can have a rhinestone bracelet in the shape of a peacock, two barrettes with a beautiful swirl (with more rhinestones, of course!), and a lovely rhinestone owl necklace to finish off the ensemble. Conversely, if you want to take the more modest approach, just wearing this hair stick for the practical purpose of maintaining your messy up-do makes this piece a must-have. With the free shipping and insanely low cost, as long as you can wait for the item to arrive from China (it took about two weeks), what do you have to lose? Worst case, if it is not to your taste, it would make a beautiful gift to someone you care about.So what are you waiting for? Order a hairpin for yourself and a few for your friends for a great stocking-stuffer or as a birthday present. You will love it!***PS: I uploaded some of my own pictures of the hairpin in order to better explain the item description that I typed, above.***"
"Feels good on and does not aggravate my acne prone skin.  Provides enough coverage to even out skin and offers some sun protection.  Have been using this for years (recently the packaging changed.)  Tried other drug store brands and other Neutrogena bases but I always come back to this.  Just wish CVS and Walmart would carry more than 8 colors where I am --- I ended up buying two colors and mixing.  It's a bit of a pain and more expensive in one go.  Other stores used to carry more colors but, even then, Neutrogena colors tend to be too pink for me --- I don't love my yellow-y complexion but I want my makeup to blend rather than look like a mask with a different skin color from the neck down."
"This color is a little darker and more sparkly than I had anticipated, but it's a good product. I probably would repurchase in another color."
"I have been using this for 2 months and it is amazing, my skin looks and feels brighter and smoother.  I have some stubborn dark sun spots that are taking longer to fade but nonetheless this product does work. You are only supposed to use it for 3 months then give your skin a rest and then other products will do fine for maintenance.  This product also has glycolic in it which keeps my skin clear and refines my pores as well.  I love all of the Image skin care products just make sure when you purchase through Amazon that it has an original seal around the opening of the bottle to ensure that it is authentic."
My hands down favorite favorite lotion. This lotion is non greasy but absorbs really well into dry thirsty skin without feeling thick or sticky. The scent is very natural and light so there isn't any irritating perfumes or bothersome smell to it. And the best part is the lotion lasts all day so you won't see scaly skin a few hours later. The best time to apply is after a shower and you're good to go but it's great anytime. I use it all year round!!! And the price is CHEAP on amazon compared to regular stores.
"This is not any softer than any other cheap powder brush I've used.  The bristles are some kind of dyed animal fur but NOWHERE on the internet on on the company site could I find out what kind.  I suspect goat.  Certainly nothing special.  The bristles have an overwhelming smell - moth balls plus dry-cleaning fluid.  REALLY strong fumes.  And finally, when I pulled the brush from its plastic pouch the black plastic and white plastic sections came unglued.Very cheap, smelly, below-average makeup brush."
"This deep conditioner did not outperform the drugstore brands - or at least not for my hair type. I am caucasian with bleachy blonde hair that is very dry & damaged. I was hoping that this project would help mend it, and in fact, I was kind of concerned that this product would actually be ""overkill."" I was disappointed. My hair was no more silky or detangled than when I've used cheaper deep conditioners from lines such as Garnier Fructis or Loreal's sulfate-free line.  I have no problem spending money on a good deep conditioner, and that's what I was looking for.  Maybe this product works better on other hair types, but I wanted to write this review for anyone with MY hair type who might be considering it: it just didn't work.On a positive note: the fragrance of this product is very, very strong when it is in the container, but it does not over-perfume your hair."
"The number 2 ingredient in this toner is SD Alcohol which does a great job of immediately degreasing your skin, but in the long run, it will cause your oil glands to produce more oil to make up for the drying effect of the alcohol. I like that it has AHA and beta hydroxy acids, but looking for another toner without alcohol. Any suggestions? I've tried the Neutrogena alcohol free toner and need something a little stronger for my slightly oily, more acne prone skin."
"I bought this thinking it seemed too good to be true... and I was absolutely correct.  I was getting married and I wanted to be sure I could zap any zit that might try to pop up just before the wedding, so I got the disposable version.  I had a zit on my neck and we used it on there and it felt like someone was putting a cigarette out on my neck.  I have tattoos, several of them, so I'm not a wuss when it comes to pain, but this did hurt.  I tried it on another one and it just felt warm... I don't know why it was so inconsistent.Anyway, there are so many rules on the kind of zits it can and cannot be used on.  Basically narrowing it down to NOTHING.  If the zit has a whitehead?  You can't use it.  If it's one of those deep-down iceberg types, you can't use it...  I tried it every chance I got and it NEVER EVER had ANY effect on them.  I may as well have done nothing.  I don't have bad skin either... I get one or 2 here or there like once every few months, so it really should have worked for me according to its instructions.Don't waste your money.  It does absolutely *****nothing***** whatsoever."
"This stuff really does a good job of controlling breakouts. I tried it on a spot that was coming out and the next day the redness was quite reduced. It won;t completely get rid of the pimple, well not in my case but helps reduce it and along with the other products in this line, drys the acne out faster."
"THIS ITEM WAS EXACTLY AS IT WAS DESCRIBED AND I AM HAPPY WITH IT, I WOULD BUY AGAIN, THANK YOU"
"I did not like this product.  It made my hair hard and brittle, did not do anything for my hair."
"I recently started breaking out on my cheeks and jawline which was never a problem area when I was in my teens. This works if you use it just like the directions say: on clean skin, once a day initially then increase to several times daily. On day two I use it like every 2 hours.It makes the pimple or, in my case, underground monster, less visible and less irritating. It gets rid of any pain or soreness that makes me want to pick and pop. After day two it completely disappears.Honestly, the best thing about this product is that it makes me keep my hands OFF my face which is likely why I break out in the first place. Oh, and I started changing my pillow case every night."
"garbage. i would give it no stars if i could.this product stick to your nails and have to be soaked of to be removed. it's not a form because other forms pop of when dry. do not buy, terrible product."
"Various sizes of black and white hex shapes, bars and dots, whirled away in a clear lacquer.  Fun in a bottle.  Looks great when applied over a candy red apple, sparkling nail color.  Works best when pick shapes out and apply with a stylus or orange stick before brushing on.  Thick consistency works to level out chunks.  Like confetti for nails."
"Well, apparently, I'm not sophisticated enough for this perfume, because it smells amazing on my mom and rather boring on me. So, I bought her a gift set with the eau de toilette and she loved it.To me (and I have no idea what notes are in it) it's a very sharp scent. It has a hint of rose or rose pepper that gives it a quite feminine air, yet with no sweetness. I think it is better for summer time, because it's rather ""cold"" and fresh. Definitely a very sophisticated perfume."
"On a daily basis, I have used Old Spice High Endurance Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant, Invisible Solid, Pure Sport, 3.0 Oz (Old Spice High Endurance Invisible Solid Pure Sport Scent Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant 3 Oz Twin Pack), for as long as I can remember.  Anything else I tried would cause a red, burning rash inside both of my armpits.  I've tried sample after sample of antiperspirant and I've always experienced the same reaction.  I felt like a slave to Old Spice High Endurance Pure Sport.  It has always been inconvenient for me when I travel.  I had to use only this product.  Not every pharmacy, convenience store or grocery store carries it.  Furthermore, it had to be the white solid.  Sometimes, the gel would also give me a rash.Fortunately, the Amazon Vine Program sent me the Dove Men+Care Cool Silver Antiperspirant, 2.7 oz.  It doesn't give me a rash, despite the fact that it has a strong formula that provides 48-hour protection against odious perspiration.  It only needs to be applied once in the morning.  In fact, I've forgotten to apply it in the morning after taking my shower and I still felt protected and dry all day.  This deodorant, therefore, is highly recommended for busy men, like me, who lead very active lives.  It has a masculine appearance and a pleasant masculine scent that reminds me of my Old Spice High Endurance Pure Sport.  It is marketed for the athletic man with its sleek, easy-to-grip design.  It can easily be carried in a shaving kit.Also, I have gone to special events in the evening, such as the recent wedding of my girlfriend's niece, and reapplied the Dove Cool Silver Antiperspirant in order to give me confidence that I was still protected and would remain protected throughout the evening.  (At the wedding, there was dancing and I sweated a lot.)  I didn't have to worry about my skin becoming too dry or flaky.  This Dove antiperspirant has moisturizers.  The white solid antiperspirant stick is extremely easy to lower and raise due to its large base which completely swivels to the left or right.  Turning it counterclockwise raises the stick and turning it clockwise lowers it.  I also love the fact that ""MADE IN USA"" is clearly stamped on the bottom.The Dove Men+Care Cool Silver Non-Irritant Antiperspirant costs nearly twice as much as my Old Spice High Endurance, Pure Sport, Anti-Perspirant & Deodorant, but it is worth the extra price.  Also, I like knowing that I'm not limited to only using Old Spice High Endurance Pure Sport.  There are other brands on the market that won't give me a rash.  Deodorant is one of those hygiene products, such as toothpaste and shampoo, that one must use in order to face the public.  If I need to make budget cuts, I'll simply stop using luxury products such as expensive face lotions and body washes.Joseph B. Hoyos"
"This is a pretty blue but I have the sparkly Harmony Christmas set of 5 colors:  gold, silver, green, red & blue.Unfortunately (and I think this is very sneaky!) this is the EXACT SAME color as ""Holiday Party Blues"".  I have a whole bottle of that blue and now I have a whole ANOTHER color of blue which is the SAME.  I don't want two bluesthat are exactly ALIKE!  Yet now I'm stuck with them.The description of this color should say it's the SAME color as ""Holiday Party Blues""; in the event that someone might have the Christmas set already.  If this blue is all you wanted, then you could buy this and only this.I repeat:  If you have the Christmas set of Harmony Gelish, don't buy 'cause the two blues are the SAME!"
"But I don't feel that it had any positive effect on my face. I don't see any results, but it's possible that I didn't use it enough."
"It seems this product did not serve well after repeated use.  Despite the claim of non-irritant, it did cause such and use has been discontinued.While many have found this to be quite effective and gentle, one can only judge on personal experience, skin sensitivity and body chemistry.In addiiton: Warnings on the back on the Antiperspirant included:  Consult a doctor before use if you have kidney disease."
This lotion lasts longer than any bath and body works or victoria's secret lotion. I had used the lavender one when i was away on vacation and noticed how long it lasted. couldn't find the lavender in stores so i went with the cherry blossom. it has the best scent ever and last so long i didn't even have to spray my body splash on after. it has a nice light scent that lingers for hours.
Will not repurchase again sorry.  But I did not like the smell.  I did not like putting all of those chemicals in my hair
Smells funny but does the job. My lashes never fall off. I can shake my head at a rock concert and head bang all I want and my lashes wouldn't fall off.
"These hard bristles don't grab hair, so it makes curling and drying almost impossible. I returned it. I don't see how this could work for anyone."
"I have purchased this color from the store before and it came out great, a deep, bright red.  But when I ordered it on amazon, NOPE.  My hair came out an ugly brown (my hair was already a medium brown).  The mixture went on red but my hair didn't come out nowhere near that color, and that usually happens when the product has been sitting forever.  Yes, I left it on the recommended amount of time."
Great for thick and curly hair. It tames all the frizzes and leaves your hair soft and smooth. Great conditioner
I decided to try this pads after reading the other reviews.  I have to say that I actually think they might be helping.  It's nothing major but it's enough of a difference to keep me using them in the hopes that my wrinkles will improve... maybe it's just me but I'm hopeful so I would definitely consider trying these.  I think if you are a bit younger it might work a lot better than it does for this older gal.
I love CHI irons and hair products and this iron is no exception. it is thin so you can get in waves and makes your hair so smooth and beautiful.
Don't ever buy another manicure brush from a beauty supplier. This is the best value for your money and is the exact same quality product!
"Waste of money.They don't work.All 4 sides are the same (except for the colors).Even if there was a noticeable difference in the 4 sides, there is no way to know which order to use the sides in.I threw them in the trash."
"This curling iron heats up so fast.You can adjust the heat settings manually to your preference, as well as that it heats up to 450 degrees.The bad thing:1. It makes your hair smell bad, and also it doesnt create any curls, only gives volume, but then hair goes flat."
"I love this product, it's great for detangling, in leave conditioner and deep conditioning. It's a little pricey but it's worth it."
"doesn't do anything at all. it does keep your skin moist, but it doesn't correct anything. it's too expensive for not keeping up with promises"
This is a great stamper. Works well w multiple brand polishes and plates. The double end is handy for full nail patterns or single stamp designs. The length of stamper is easier to handle than other stampers w a small handle. Would buy again and recommend.
"The product was not what they said it was going to be the tips are not curves they come just like a press on nail kind of i wont be using them, the only reason i am not sending them back is because i really dont want to deal with a hassle"
"Wonderful product!  It's been effective for clearing breakouts, reducing heal time and severity, and it's light and moisturizing.  I still need to use my regular moisturizer in some spots, but not as much now. Also, I have sensitive skin that turns red easily, but I've not had any issues at all with The Body Shop tea tree products. This lotion also doesn't smell bad and I read the ingredients to make sure there aren't any pore cloggers or irritants contained.  I'm happy to say I did not find any comediogenic ingredients!  Also you get a lot of product for the price, it's about 1.7 oz, and it lasts a long time for me.  I've been using my last bottle about a month, everyday, and I'm not even getting close to running out yet. I hope The Body Shop never discontinues the tea tree products!"
"I just purchased this cleanser and found it to be harsh. I have good skin, but it's sensitive and was quite disappointed to find my skin very tight and dry after using it. I think it's better suited for normal to oily skin.If you want a high quality skin exfoliate that doesn't leave your skin dry, check out louisebianco.com - they make a product called Derma Polish - it's not listed on their website so you have to call them to order it.  It's about $25 but it's remarkable in that it removes dead skin and leaves your skin feeling moist and looking great."
"I have been looking for the perfect eyeliner for a few years.One that doesn't smudge or cake around my eyes after 8 hours.After  trying Urban Decay, I no longer need to look for the perfect eyeliner!It lasts all day and still looks great when I get home after a long day!"
"I am a 50-year-old man who struggles with facial rosacea. I am constantly on the hunt for a lotion that will soothe my face without irritating my skin. Many of the lotions that I have tried make my face burn and itch. Dove's new Men Care Sensitive Face Lotion is a godsend. It goes on easily and spreads readily upon my face. It is a thicker lotion, but if you get your face wet before applying lotion it thins it out and you don't need to use very much. It absorbs into the skin quickly and dries without leaving a greasy feeling. It keeps my face feeling soft and supple all day long without causing any of the redness that has plagued me for year. I highly recommend this product for anyone who struggles with skin issues. It's very gentle yet effective."
hair loves this stuff.  Best hot oil treatment product for my natural hair.  It contains Henna so be sure to deep condition after washing it out.
"This lotion seems to just sit on the surface, does not penetrate or soften. My hands just end up looking shiny."
"For the price, this is just okay.  It really didn't do anything to my hair so I definitely woudn't buy it again.  Regular leaving in conditioners work better. I thought that this would be quick and easy, which it is, but with virtually no results. Would not buy again because it's a waste of money."
"Love this moisturizer.  I have very dry, prematurely aging skin.  Everything about this moisturizer is wonderful.  Good, thick texture but still absorbs completely.  Does not irritate my skin.  Gets rid of that tight feeling, and leaves my skin feeling incredibly soft and smooth.  I also love that since the last tube I bought (did I mention it lasts forever?), Dermalogica has removed the parabens from their formulas.  Love, love, love.  And love the Amazon price!"
"Very nice, a little heavy. I get one of these cheap hair things for my wife every couple of weeks. Takes a while for delivery but well worth the price."
This product didn't work for me at all. It made my hair look like it was just covered in dust. Worst it got everywhere in my bathroom. I applied it only once & threw it away.
"Made from cheap plastic and imperfection is highly visible after applying polish. I use it for gel polish that requires LED lamp curing, the oval shape doesn't fit most at-home lamps, so only the skinny side can be used. This item was shipped from Hong Kong and it took almost 2 months to arrive."
"you think you're getting a great facial scrub, but it's actually resurfacing! These are amazing little disks, one side soft the other a more loofa. Don't forget your neck!"
"I'm testing long curly hair against a very humid environment here in DC, and I haven't seen any difference between using this product and going without it.  I will not spend the money on it again because it doesn't fight the frizz as I expected it would."
"I just don't like this. The scent is supposed to be subtle, but it's overpowering to me and neither manly nor pleasant. It seems to do a well enough job cleaning and rinsing off, but that can be said of just about any body wash product (or soap for that matter). I'm not really liking it for washing my face either (I use a different Dove product for that) as it really doesn't seem to get deep into the pores. My skin feels about the same. I'll finish this bottle, but this won't make me quit buying Old Spice...it does what it's supposed to do, but I can't get past the smell...it's just not for me."
I bought this thinking it would be less concentarted and also easy to apply than the original one. Treid for 2 days and it gave bad eczema on my todller. stopped using this for 2 days and its all gone.
read the reviews and really thought this would be a great product.  if you have wrinkle skin on your eye lids forget about buying.
"It smells very good, it just doesn't last long at all.  I've had Bath & Body Works body sprays that have lasted longer than this. Do better, Taylor Swift, do better."
"I am a 42 year old female with fine brown hair that is colored blond, and cut in a bob to just above my shoulders.  All of the women in my family have fine hair, which gets sparse in their older age.  Up until this year, this has not been a problem as my hair was fine but it wasn't falling out so I could just use volumizing products to give it the volume that I needed.But, earlier this year, I noticed that my hair started falling out - turned out that it was due to undiagnosed Hypothyroidism.  The doctor put me on meds which leveled out my thryoid, and my hair stopped falling out, which was great!But, I noticed that my hair never grew back from when it fell out initially and it's very thin in the front and temple section.  I am trying to decide how to address this - Rogaine?  I bought the Nioxin starter kit for my style of hair but haven't tried that yet.  So, I thought, Thickening spray?  Sounds like a good option to get started.  I read the reviews and thought that it was worth a shot.I only used this once as it was useless.  Basically, it looks like water - it has the color and texture of water.  The only reason why I knew that it wasn't water is because it has a slight chemical smell to it (which goes away when it's dry).  But, it did absolutely nothing to thicken my hair.  It was like I sprayed water on it.It didn't say that it was a product that built up on your hair (like some thickeners need to do over a few weeks using it daily) so I assumed that I would be able to notice a difference after one usage.  I don't know - maybe the directions need to be more clear, maybe I used it wrong?  For me, I might as well have sprayed water on my hair.In summary, I will not be ordering this product again.  I would have returned it, but since the purchase price was only about $7, it wasn't worth the return shipping cost to do that."
I like this moisturizer it is light yet effective. I have acne prone skin and I can use this w/o suffering breakouts. I highly recommend this entire line for acne and/or pigment challenges. I use this as my evening moisturizer and use the oily skin sunscreen/moisturizer in the mornings. Although if you have a separate sunscreen you can use this during the day since it is light.
"This stuff is amazing. It gives me just enough color to look like I laid out in the sun but doesn't turn me orange, however you will start to get a little orangey brown looking if you keep re-applying too much. My recommendation, do it two days in a row and then start doing it every other day just to keep up the color, unless you don't shower every day then just do it on the days you shower after exfoliating.  I love the mitt because it makes everything go on even."
"This is not what I expected. The oil is nice and no problems, just the scent is not what I remembered. To be fair, it is probably me not the product."
"This is not a true masculine scent as mentioned on at least one post. That being said, it would be very heavy for a female to wear. It is a clean spicy scent that I happen to find enjoyable. It reminds me a bit of the old British Sterling Aftershave. The bottle is awesome to look at. I have about 15 other high end colognes. This one ranks in the top 5."
"This product smells really, really good, but does very little for me.  Kind of a waste of money.  Its okay for a little &#34;freshen up&#34; like its supposed to be, but doesn't really make a difference otherwise."
or other hard to reach places that tend to break out.  It really works if you use it consistently after bathing
"I cannot comment on the overall effectiveness of this product, because I didn't make it that far. When I applied the mask to my face, I instantly became nauseous due to the wretched smell of this stuff. It literally smelled like a diaper pail. I had to take it off right away because the smell was so horrid, and I washed my face three times afterwards until I couldn't smell the foul odor anymore. It's possible I got a bad batch, but I don't plan on shelling out another $69 to find out."
"Rosehip oil has been touted as a &#34;miracle&#34; product that helps the skin with wrinkles, scars, anti-aging and many other issues. There are different brands out there with varying levels of approval from users. Prior to using VoilaVe's Rosehip Oil I was using the Trilogy Rosehip Oil.I LOVE the VoilaVe Oil. First and foremost it's a pure oil without any fillers. It's very light to the touch and absorbs smoothly and beautifully into the skin. There is no oily residue. The scent is slightly floral and warm (it does not smell like roses people!). It nourishes my combination skin and provides a non-greasy, delicate moisture food. When I get out of bed in the morning my skin looks bright and feels incredibly soft. The fine lines around my eyes and mouth (from the side I sleep in) look diminished and my skin looks supple.When you use this oil, please don't slather on the oil onto your face all at once-- do it in sections and stages. After washing and toning your skin, apply 2 drops to your forehead. Take the time to massage it into your forehead area (small circles). If you have oil leftover, move it down to your cheeks. Massage until most of it is absorbed. Apply 1-2 drops onto each of your cheeks and massage it into the area. When you apply this oil in sections you will not waste the oil and it gives your skin a chance to fully drink it in.This is a fantastic product. I have had NO regrets whatsoever with this purchase and look forward to buying it again."
"What can I say? It doesnt work. I bought this for my mother who is 65, and although her skin is really nice for her age, she has those lines that form around your lips, making it look puckered :( Very annoying to my mother. So she gave this a whirl and there was literally no change whatsoever. Bummer."
"I have used this brush for every thing, from applying liquid foundation and powders to blush and bronzer and each application is flawless and looks better than any makeup brush I've used"
"I live in South Louisiana, and June is quite possibly the most humid time of the year for us - the humidity levels are off the charts!To start, I like this shampoo, it has a great lather and a nice smell - it's similar to all of the other shampoos in the Pantene line.  One thing to especially note is that this shampoo definitely weighs your hair down, which is great for humid areas, my hair doesn't frizz up the moment I walk outside, but I also feel like it's a little ""too"" heavy....Almost looks like I didn't wash it.My hair is medium to thick texture, some natural curl to it, and frizzes up instantly in humid weather - the shampoo does what it says, it really is a hair solution for frizzy hair, but it does have a con - it weighs my hair down just a bit too much."
"Ladies,This product has no exotic ingredient that warrants this kind of price. You can buy skin firming creams at Vitacost with DMAE the so called firming agent in this under twenty dollars! The second ingredient in this is glycolic acid which may brighten the neck skin by sloughing and turning over skins cells. You can also use a washcloth or salux to do so.Save your money."
"After one use of this sunscreen, my face and NECK broke out! I had clear skin before this. I have always thought of Neutrogena as such a clean brand, but I was way off on this one. It was every bit as bad as chemical sunscreen and it made my skin look oily. I'm still trying to clear my skin because of this - Microdermabrasion, Salicylic Acid masks...getting my money back wouldn't make up for what I'm going through because of this product."
"I always keep a pump bottle of face wash with 2% salicylic acid at my sink for morning and evening uses. I've tried several brands, and I like this Biore version as well as any others. The salicylic acid helps control any tendency towards acne without being too harsh for me. Biore foams and rinses, leaving my combination skin nice and clean. I haven't noticed any drying or irritation. Although this has ""ice"" in the name, there's just a very mild cooling sensation from the menthol, perhaps even less than I notice fromBiore Acne Clearing Scrub (1% Sal Acid), 4.5 Ounce.One minor note of comparison: some pump bottles (likeClean & Clear Essentials Foaming Facial Cleanser, 8 fl oz) will lock in place if twisted, so that the bottle can be packed without making a mess. Biore's pump doesn't lock into place - a small detail that will only matter to you if you want to travel with this bottle."
"Big but maybe too soft, The big part is workable and kinda nice BUT--- and here's the big negative;the brush is literally too soft to pick up a significant amount of powder. Maybe there are other powdersthat are better suited for this brush. I will keep it & use it, but only as a 'finishing' brush with the powderI currently use."
"i put just a few drops of this in some burts bees baby wash (in a separate container) and washed my chihuahua and got all of her fleas gone.  however, do not use a lot of his because it has been found to be dangerous to animals and their system.  use only a few drops.  never get near their eyes or in their nose or mouth.  however, you cannot keep letting the dog go out in an untreated yard as fleas will come back.  but for a cheap shampoo (if u already have ingredients) it really does the job of a big brand flea soap."
tore up the first time I used them.  Useless product. did not even stay intact long enough to soak off a single nail. complete rip off.
Nothing special about this shampoo. The scent is not particularly pleasant but the only good part about the scent is that it is not very strong. My hair was not left feeling exceptionally clean or smooth. The same is true of my scalp which had some itch pre-shampoo and kept the same itch post-shampoo. This is not the kind of shampoo I would purchase or even use again. It is just blah.
The wheel is very neat and organized and the gems are great. They come in different sizes and there's so many of them to use! I don't think I'll ever run out of them. This is definitely a must buy.
"I have never used this before.  I had it in my wish list and saw a price drop, so I ordered it.  It is so easy and lasts all day.  I love this and would order it again!"
"I love Fake Bake Flawless. Like so much that i have recommended it to every person I know. I have bought several other products on a whim thinking they may work similarly or better. But they haven't. So I went to order more flawless and it wouldn't arrive in time with my prime shipping however this Fake Bake lotion would so i took a gamble (reviews seemed okay). When i put the tinted lotion on my skin i was like 'ahhhh hello long lost tan friend'. I was surprised that there was no fragrance to the lotion even when I first applied it. When I woke up, I couldn't' smell the stale tan in a can smell which was surprising but neat! Since I didn't have to work that day...I kept it on for several more hours while I did chores, mid-day napped, lounged, etc. Well when I finally took a shower (I kept the lotion on for about 18 hours) all of the tint washed down the drain. When i got out, i was pale again like I hadn't put forth the effort to put on self tanner (we all know that to do it properly it's at least a 20-30 minute process. I feel this was a waste of time and money. Sorry Fake Bake...you really let me down."
"Eye Never Nourishing Repair Eye Cr&egrave;me, by vbeaute, is supposed to be like ""an eyelift in a jar.""  The cr&egrave;me is supposed to conceal lines, smooth and silken skin, minimize the appearance of puffiness, and correct lines and wrinkles, according to the product website.I've been using the product for three weeks now, twice daily, and I can't say I see any difference in my skin.  My eye area still crinkles up and looks wrinkly when I smile.  There's been no ""instant"" reduction in puffiness upon application.  It hasn't irritated my skin, though my eye area has been dry a few mornings so I have questioned how much it was moisturizing.Even at Amazon's price (which is much less than what it sells for at vbeaute's website ), I must say that the product is way overpriced for what it delivers."
"Makes my hair fantastic.  Dried it quickly and leaves it nice and shiny.  I bought the nano version to take to the gym, and its okay, but this puppy is my favorite.  I take it on all of my trips, etc.  Highly recommended."
"Hey, I gave this 2 stars because I really don't want to 'hate' anything, but this product just didn't work for me-- at all. I have had better results in thickening my eyebrows and growing my eyelashes with my organic grapeseed oil every night.  Don't waste your money.."
"I always meant to buy an expensive straightener ""one of these days,"" but I've been creaking along on a Conair straightener i got several years ago that worked fine for my thick, wavy, and long hair.The Wahl Pro Straightener is similar to the Conair, but with improvements in design and quality.The digital display, the swivel cord, multiple heat settings are nice features, but perhaps my favorite one is the attached comb. I got used to that on the old Conair I have, and I must admit, at least for me, it makes straightening to a lot faster and smoother. It's not so much that it combs your hair, but acts more like a guide to pull the hair taut between the tourmaline plates - a nice touch.The heat setting display isn't kidding; this baby gets HOT when the dial is turned up! Since I'm probably like most women and use way more heat-based hair appliances than can possibly be good for one's locks, the lower settings do an excellent job without the frying experience.Another thoughtful feature is that the plates ""lock' to make storage a breeze (one thing my creaky old Conair lacks, and boy, am i tired of that thing falling on me in the linen closet!)This straightener works fine and has enough features to make the price very reasonable. That's why I don't get the conditioning strip. It's fairly useless as far as I can tell, and God knows any number of styling products can produce a much better result at a much lower cost (these strips are expensive when it's time to replace them.)The conditioning strip is a gimmick, and an unnecessary one. The straightener is quite good without bothering with it.The price of the Wahl is reasonable, but I guess I'm just spoiled. I purchased my old straightener for about $20 less, and I've certainly gotten my use out of it and been pleased with it overall.The Wahl is a pricier replacement. The extra features make the extra cost somewhat worthwhile, esp. since the Conair model I had isn't being manufacturered anymore.If the price were very much higher than it is, I'd say spend a few more bucks and go with a Babyliss or a Chi on sale, and after reading a lot of reviews.Maybe it's my frugal nature, or the pretty results i got from the Wahl, but at this price point, I'd say it's a very good investment indeed."
"I didn't care for this mascara. It stuck my lashes together, and when it was hot and I would sweat, I had raccoon eyes! Clump crusher works much better than this."
"When it comes to makeup, I'm a very natural girl. I like to keep it simple and easy. When I saw this product, I thought it seemed great because I wouldn't need to buy two different products to contour when I want to. However, this product is just too ridiculous for me to use.1) The bronzer is really dark. Even if you use very little, it still looks just weird if you're even slightly light skinned.2) The blush is also pretty dark. It's no where near the pretty powder pink that's shown. It's a very dark rosey color. Which makes you look perpetually embarrassed, or maybe just like you're using way too much blush.3) This stuff is FILLED with sparkles. Even if you can get past how dark and misrepresented the colors are, the sparkles just really kill it for me. This might just be a preference, but I don't like glittery contour lines. It's just not flattering.I just saved you $8 bucks, as well as half a bottle of your favorite facial scrub and the 4 hours that it would take you to get that awful glitter off your face (exaggeration). You're welcome."
Love this stuff. It's gentle so I can use it on my face and body. And like with all vanicream products a little goes a long way! Great for people with eczema or sensitive skin
After reading the reviews i bought this hoping it would help my husbands excema. He Started seeing a huge difference in one week- the skin no longer looked rough and cracked and became very soft. He no longer has the urge to scratch the area. Now after one month of use you can hardly tell he had it. After suffering for two years and seeing a dermatologist its great to finally see something work.  This is so amazing!
"Applied nicely, but did not have the look one would expect from a good concealer. There is a shine to this product that is not helpful when you are trying to cover up something -- it draws attention to it instead. In view of the fact that there are so many other really excellent products out there to do the job right, I'd recommend that you pass on spending your hard earned cash on Revlon Photoready Concealer.This was a surprising disappointment because the Revlon Photoready Primer is FABULOUS, and I've gotten tons of compliments since I've started using it."
"If you are looking for oil-free, when I say oil-free I mean &#34;non-comedogenic&#34;, this isn't it.When people usually look for oil-free cosmetic products, they are looking for non-comedogenic, free of substances (usually oil) that clogs your pores, products. Just because it doesn't have any ingredients with word &#34;oil&#34; doesn't really make it oil-free. It's a shame how Neutrogena deceptively markets this product as oil-free moisturizer as they make great products that are non-comedogenic already.Look, I would imagine that it works for some people who aren't as acne prone/sensitive to oil, hence the high review score. I find that it is helpful to clarify some of the marketing jargons companies use to mislead people.Use non-comedogenic moisturizer, and separate light/oil-free sunscreen, if you want to be cautious."
"Yeah, I caved. I bought the cocoa butter scented one this time. It reeks, so when I buy it again I'll return to the regular scent. Why did I do it? Well, it is quick and convenient. I need heavier moisturizer due to extremely dry skin, but for everyday spray it on, smooth it in and go, this stuff is very nice. It is an unnecessary indulgence, but the convenience makes it irresistible to me. Especially good for moisturizing the back and hard to reach areas. Don't get it on the floor unless you plan to go skating! It is super slippery! It does absorb into skin very quickly and eases the discomfort of dry skin to some degree, although it's not up there with something like Eucerin, which is basically white axle grease..but the Spray and Go is nice and light and it is convenient."
"The product is not what I have ordered. It is not metal studs, it is just tiny sparkling gold rhinestone"
I have thinning hair & this product works well to hold the style I want.  Smells great & you don't need to use a lot.
This gets too hot and does not even curl. I do not like it. Guess ill be using my old one.
"Looks completely natural. Not sticky or heavy; no helmet head; brushes out easily.  My hair is long and pretty thick and this product is strong enough to keep it out of my eyes.  That said, I don't care for the smell (which lasts for hours).  My husband doesn't mind it."
"I do 30 day keratin treatments at home.  I'm between treatments, although my hair hasn't reverted back to natural. I also ran out of my pureshine brilliant blowout product.  I saw this Renpure flat iron spray on the store shelf yesterday and decided to try it.  Absolutely horrible.  My hair looks and feels like straw.  It's dry and stiff. The iron dragged across my hair. No silkiness or movement whatsoever.  If you're used to real keratin treatments, then don't use this stuff."
"I don't like makeup, but I am forever chasing the youth fountain in a form of cream in a jar.  I would say Loressen VitalEyes Eye Cream is not that good. After using it for 5 days my boyfriend asked me if I was tired because I had dark circles under my eyes. He didn't know about this cream, I went to the mirror and had the darkest circles I've ever seen on my face. YAKES! Also if you put this cream on before going to sleep, you wake up with your eyes all puffy. If you want to wake up with your eyes all puffy, just go get drunk and totally smashed and get some fun out of it. It's horrid enough when you look in the mirror the next morning and looking back at you is a hungover puffed version of you. However when you buy a product to improve your looks and your days of drinking and partying ceded over 15 years ago, it's even more horrifying.It does however makes the skin around my eyes soft and I agree with the old lady smell. It's not very becoming. I often find this smell with creams that I have kept for too long and have to throw away. I got this one at a highly reduced price and I'm wondering if it was from an old batch the company wanted to get rid off ? The smells fades away in about 20 minutes, so it's not too bad.I'm always trying new creams, so I will likely try something else next."
"Mom loved it and used it up before I could use mine up. This is my summer nighttime moisturizer, as my skin gets way too dry in the harsh New England winters for this to be sufficient. Love the scent of it and how soft it makes my skin feel. I wish they made one similar with SPF, so that I could use it as my daytime lotion too!"
"I was a little nervous about using this on my face, so I prepared myself by watching the instructional DVD twice and reading all of the enclosed material. The DVD is very reassuring, and very misleading. They make it sound like you just need a little practice at the lowest setting and all will be well. Not true.Right out of the box, my unit functioned poorly with the fine tip attached. I started trying to use it on my forehead just like on the DVD. They must have turned the unit off for those DVD demonstrations. You cannot slide the tip smoothly across your face like that. If you have adequate suction, as soon as you start to move across your skin, the tip pops off your face. With my unit, suction was sporadic and mostly nonexistent with the fine tip attached.I switched to the precision tip, which gave me more reliable suction, but I still couldn't use it as instructed, because it HURTS. I was not pressing hard, but it was like pushing sandpaper tightly against your face and then dragging it across the skin. I don't have particularly sensitive skin, but this was so harsh that I decided to check some reviews before possibly damaging my skin. I'm glad I did. I won't be using this unit on my face again. One reviewer mentioned that people have been injured by this product, and she herself was under a doctor's care to heal the damage it did to her skin.On the DVD they say your face will have some redness for about 30 minutes after a treatment. Once again, untrue. Many hours after use, there were still red patches on my face, and my forehead and nose had a burning sensation.I thought maybe I could at least get some benefit from the machine by using it on the dry and calloused places on my feet. For that I used the coarse tip and a higher suction level. It was a complete waste of time. The only place you can get suction is on the bottoms of your feet. No edges or contours, because you have to the the entire tip flat against your skin to get suction. I have big calluses on the outer edges of my big toes, and there was no way I could get the tip flat enough to get any suction in that area.I cannot recommend this product, and I suggest you read a large number of reviews carefully before making your purchase decision. I'll stick with more gentle forms of exfoliation, and accept my fate of being old and ugly."
I purchased this at Target for $5.00 (that should have been my first clue). I have to use about a cup of the conditioner before my hair is saturated enough to run my fingers through. I've used this conditioner twice and I've notice that my hair is snapping and breaking a lot more when brushing. I can even feel strands snapping when I pull it up in a pony tail. My hair is shinny and smooth but it also has zero body. I will not purchase again. I'm going to see if I can return it.
This is a top coat....the only color that glows is blue....n it glows green....I thought it would be better.... too expensive to suck sooooo much
"I purchased this item, hoping to cut down on the time I spend in the morning blow-drying and flat-ironing my hair. I probably should have known that something written up to do both so miraculously was too-good-to-be-true.No, this product is in no way a substitute for both blow-drying and flat-ironing in the traditional manner. It simply doesn't have the ability to dry like a dryer can. The worst part, is that regardless of whether you have the 1"" or 2"" plates, neither can effectively do anything for the hair closest to your scalp. You end up with frizzy, sticky, damp hair near your scalp, which looks awful and feels even worse.Stick with your usual styling tools. This one could probably be an effective flatiron, but only after the blow-drying is complete."
This is so far the best dry shampoo i have tried.  Only bad thing is white powder and may show thru my dark hair if i apply too much.  I have tried others in spray including ones identify for dark brown hair color... But does not works like this one.  I can be almost have a week without washing my hair after using it and it doesnt smell or feels dirty or oily.  I have fone normal to oily hair.
this stuff will wipe away eye make up and face make up with no problem yet still leave your skin supple and not dry.
This brush is the best for smudging eyeliner for a smokey affect or just to soften the line. It is very dense and firm which softens waterproof eyeliner that can be difficult to soften. It cleans easily and is very well made. A great price for it also.
"I'll start by saying I have very sensitive skin, and this did not bother me, so that's definitely a positive! My skin is also very dry, and this is a nice thick, unscented cream that moisturizes without leaving a greasy feel. As far as the wrinkle reducing power, we'll have to see. It claims visible results within 5 weeks, so I'll have to wait a little longer. In the meantime, it's a great moisturizer for sensitive skin for before bed and under my makeup in the morning."
"I will continue to use after my showers, as it really makes my skin feel soft, and I love the apricot oil along with the fact that it's organic."
"way to big .. I had to give them to my sister , she likes to decorate them with glitter and stuff . i would not use these in public for any event . well maybe halloween lol .."
It feels pretty WOW when I put this stuff on.  Small fancy bottle... must be amazing stuff.  I put it on but I can't tell a difference.  My bottle is now half empty and I can't tell if anything has changed.  Shouldn't I be able to at least tell a difference visually or texturally?I want to like this stuff.  The packaging is enticing me every way to like it - so good job to the marketing department.  But there is nothing that is indicating that it is working for me at all.  I can't justify getting more of this if I can't tell anything is happening.
"I had a deep suspicion why this product wasn't available in stores and I found out the hard way. Basically, my hair came no where near the color on the box. I got mixes of orange, mahogany and dark blonde. Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend this."
"I've used mine for a few months now, and since the very first use I noticed a difference in the texture of my skin.  I swear it took off 10 years and my skin has a glow to it now.  I also seem to have fewer breakouts, basically none.  I love the cleaner it came with, but it also works wonderfully with my own basic gel face cleaner.  I also bought one for my mom and she loves it too.  Would highly recommend."
"I first found this product while shopping in Japantown in San Francisco. I did not understand anything on the packaging other than &#34;1 day eyeliner tattoo&#34; and that tag line was good enough for me. This liquid liner pen wears all day, is richly pigmented and really allows me to create dramatic graphic eye looks. It stays on until I take it off and removes easily with my Crealine H20 makeup remover. 100 thumbs up!! Seriously."
"I wouldn't put this stuff in my hair & waste my time expecting anything... except to maybe smell pretty good. lol I do love this smell! I guess you can also use to help condition your legs after you shave.. it works pretty good for that. But like I said, it smells good but it's watered down & it's worthless to my hair. (I have waist length hair) I'll stick to my other conditioner."
"this soap was a completely waste of my money, first of all it does not moisturize at all,it left my skin ashy,dried and pretty much upset. I would not recommend this soap, the soap smell like palm oil soap instead of olive oil soap."
This is my most favorite shampoo/scent EVER! I look forward to washing my hair just so I can stand there in sniff the air haha.
"I started getting mild acne as an adult. Most things I've tried wouldn't work or would dry out my face. I've been using this for about a month and I have nothing negative to say. It isn't sticky, doesn't have a horrible odor, goes on easy and hasn't made my skin dry. I was complemented by several people (strangers & friends) how good my skin looks. When my friend told me this yesterday I looked in the mirror and said wow my skin does look good. All I really noticed was that acne had diminished but this combo of AHA/BHA has improved my overall complexion. AWESOME!"
"I purchased this potion to help with PMSing and it certainly works for me. Those times that I want to rip someone's head off or start crying for no reason, I just put a little of this on and it completely calms me right down. This is definitely a much needed potion to help clams exploding nerves."
I love this little thing!  For the price it work great!  Makes you feel like you are in a spa.
"I thought this was really white and it's not. I just wanted a matte white that would show up on dark colors (when painting a flower, etc.) and this does not. Now I have to spend more money and find a real white. So if you want a white-ish color, this one is for you."
"This is my alternate color, in between usages of one that's more red.  This is a great color, and very gentle on the hair.  That's immportant!"
"After my hair stylist gave me a sample of the curling pudding the week before she dyed my hair, I was anxious to use the famous product that everyone on youtube was talking about. I used it for a week along with my shea butter and it worked out perfectly. My curls were defined, bouncy and nice. Fast forward to 4 months later and I decide to buy this product at Target. I was anxious to try it again as I received really nice results the first time and I hadn't used it since. I shampoo my hair, deep condition, condition my hair and so on. I decided to blow out my hair and apply the curly pudding and do a braid out. I'm on school vacation so I decided to let the braids set in my hair for two days until I need to go out. So the day comes for me to go out and what do I see in my hair? I see tiny little flakes that are covering my entire head. Every time I shake there are flakes falling off my head and landing onto clothes, sink, and the floor. I was absolutely disgusted. Oh yeah and my curls were not that defined. I could have spent a fraction of the price on something that would have defined my curls and not left flakes. Anyway I had to go outside and face the world with my flaky hair. When I returned home I washed it out of my hair and I hate doing that."
"The Wet Comb was cool when I saw it, I use it for the first time and it is really nice on your hair, great product"
Disappointed - these were too dry to remove much of my makeup - barely took off the maybeline tattoo cream shadow. Should do okay with powder shadows but pretty worthless for waterproof mascara.  Hoping they work for touch up so it isn't a total waste of money.
My kids-a boy and a girl-love hair spray for some reason-I think it makes them feel grown up or something so they sneak and use ours when we are not around. So I thought they would love this but no such luck. First off they did not like the smell and it did not hold my daughters hair in place at all. My son sprayed it once and that was enough.Try something else!
Either i am bad at putting eyeliners on OR there is no eyeliner thats good enough. This one also comes off soon. It doesnt go that smoothly. Till now my favorite is Himalaya kajal however it doesnt have any staying power at all
"It's expressly for men, although I really could tell no difference between this and what my wife uses, other than the scent.  This is good shampoo, which left my hair delightfully silky and manageable.The scent: officially it's ""alpine fresh"" but I'm not smelling the mountains at all.  That unique and hard to come by scent will lie forever in the realm ofBadedas, the classic German body wash.  Now that's alpine, at least in my mind.  The scent is not unpleasant at all; in fact, it smells more like a breakfast condiment than a personal cleaning solution.  The ""fresh"" aspect is spot-on, but what I'm really smelling in this scent is much more like berries and fruit.  It's not a heavy, commercial/industrial faux fruit smell, like the one that assaults you when your wife drags you into the candle store at the mall.  No, the scent is much more natural, light and pleasant.  Upon rinsing the scent stays but is not overpowering.It comes out of the bottle easily and quickly, being just a little bit more viscous than some shampoos I'm used to.  I liked that, in that as the bottle began to drain it was still easy to get the product out, and I didn't have to stand there for 15 or 20 minutes for the product to ooze its way down to the spout.Bottom line: good product, that does exactly what it says it will, and smells great while doing it.  Yes, I will look for this when I go shopping."
"I had high expectations for the Remington ""Professional"" Hair Dryer.  The word ""professional"" implies that it will be of higher quality and also stronger in power.  The only thing that seems ""professional"" about it is that it is heavier than my ""non-professional"" Revlon 1875 watts hair dryer. The handle is really heavy. However, this is a downside as it actually tired out my hands while I was holding it.  The head of the dryer is made of regular (cheap) plastic so it is very head-light.  It doesn't feel at all balanced in your hand.  One of my biggest criticisms about the dryer is the poor positioning of the toggle buttons.  They are precisely where your fingers are while holding the hair dryer.  I cannot tell you how many times I have accidentally changed the settings. It gets pretty frustrating!My biggest criticism, however, is that it simply did not dry my hair. I have extremely thick hair and it takes a long time to dry it.  Again, I was hoping that a professional hair dryer might speed up the process.  I ended up giving up after 5 solid minutes of using it on HIGH.  The ends of my hair were still dripping wet.  My ""non-professional"" Revlon hair dryer does a much better job of drying my hair.  I could have lived with its bad ergonomic design IF it actually dried my hair.  I think calling it a ""professional"" hair dryer is very misleading.  It is an ""ordinary"" hair dryer at best!"
I love this! I used the reviews that recommended this & they were right! This stuff is great in the Spa Wax Bath.  LOVE IT!!!!
I've been using this for about 3 months now. I have really fine thin hair that gets greasy super easily. This leaves my hair soft and completely tangle free without weighing my hair down or making it look greasy. My hair is a tiny bit oily by the end of the day but nothing noticeable. It makes it incredibly soft too. The smell is alright. Defiantly mild. I also combine it with FX Silk Drops (couple dollars at Walmart) and It's A 10 leave in spray (17.99 target) which are both a must. Iv also noticed my hair never gets staticky since using this since it is the dry winter.
I bought this exact kit in BJ's wholesale for 15 dollars because they had it on sell and also had a 5 dollar off coupon. I decided to try it because Nexxus is a great brand and it's usually expensive. I have dry hair that breaks easily so it made sense to use this product. The issue to me is that the conditioner doesn't really hydrate your hair and the leave in treatment doesn't really smooth out my hair. I still get frizzies with it and my ends don't look any better. I won't be using this brand again.
"Product works well and doesn't weight your hair down which is important if you have fine hair.. which sadly, I do. I haven't noticed it giving my hair tons of volume but let's face it if you have fine hair it's only going to get so good. This product works well, leaves hair soft, and feeling healthy."
"I am totally loving using the Azure Naturals products & I have no issue telling my friends about this great fine line wrinkle reducer & feel confident in putting this product on my skin. It does absorb in fast hydrating the skin & getting to work. I have been using it a short time but it goes so well using it right after the Vitamin C serum. Just pump out a small amount & a little goes a long way to giving your skin a youthful glow.Great for problem skin, evening skin tone & I had no rashes or issues with my sensitive skin, all big pluses.Non GMO is a very big deal to me as well & puts this product at the top of my list.If you have wrinkles, age spots, uneven skin tone or even dry skin issues give this a try"
"Too harsh for my hair!  I bought this to try when I first started the curly girl method.  I don't really like it, because it always leaves my hair feeling dry and coarse.  I much prefer aloe or a lightweight conditioner for scalp cleansing."
You can feel it wash out your pores. It basically feels as though your face is breathing. It's a cooling sensation as well. You feel it working. Amazing product glad I tried it. Make sure to moisturize after
"This shampoo from Axe is advertised as a 2-in-1 Shampoo plus conditioner product, designed to have a great ""masculine"" smell, clean, and condition all at the same time.  The bottle is quite convenient, with a flip-top lid and easy dispensing from the top.  I've used Axe products before and am used to the general Axe aroma - it is masculine but not heavy, quite an agreeable aroma for the hair.  The odor lingers a bit but does not leave me smelling all day.My one comment, and it is not a negative, is that the color is certainly not something found in nature.  It is this wild blue/turquoise shade that looks like it could be something radioactive that oozed from the local lab.  It was quite cool actually - a nice part of the style.As for performance, like any good 2-in-1, my hair is not quite as conditioned as if I used a separate conditioner, but it left my short hair manageable without needing the separate conditioner for every washing.  Recommended product!"
"I have been usingOlay Quench Body Wash, 12 oz.  I like it quite well, but I was running low and got the opportunity to try this product.The Dove body wash is slightly thicker than the Olay, but it lathers just as well.  It is unscented, like it says on the bottle.  (I've had trouble with buying unscented products that smelled in the past.)  My skin isn't super sensitive - I get hives sometimes, but no eczema - so I can't comment much on that aspect of the product, but it hasn't irritated my skin.  I do feel nicely moisturized after using the product.This is your standard body wash.  Nothing sticks out to me about the product, but there are no drawbacks either."
"When you read the label, it sounds like a great product. I just can't use it without it burning my eyes. It's sooo thick that it takes forever to rinse and even then I don't get it all because as soon as I open my eyes I can feel the burn.  I even tried thinning it down with water. I thought that if it was thinner it would rinse away easier but that didn't help either. I can't use it - which is a shame because on principle I like Alba products."
"I stopped wearing makeup except for a bit of lipstick years ago. Now that I'm performing on stage, I'm having to relearn the art and invest in new products and tools.I already own several brushes by Eco Tools and I like them very much. They are easy to clean, comfortable in the hand and work well. They are also affordable.This brush is an angled sponge and does a good job of blending foundation evenly. Works great around the nose, forehead and jawline.A useful tool to add to your cosmetic kit."
"I thought this was pretty good, although it's very similar to their mineral concealer (but smoother). I really like the texture of it; it's pretty creamy and it's easy to blend. It's great as an under eye coverage but I haven't tried it on any other part of my face, so I'm not sure about the chalkiness or mismatching undertones. Until I find something that's totally amazing, I will buy this again."
Nice set!!! I would of given it a better rating but my caps came unglued to the applicator so it is difficult to open the gloss.
"Due to PCOS (Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome), my hair has been thinning for years.  Now, it's not really at a point where other people might notice, but I do, and this stuff really makes it much thicker and gives me more confidence.  I just sprinkle a little here and there and fluff it.  My ponytail becomes instantly thicker and I can poof up the top and sides to give myself more volume.  The one downside is that your hair won't be as shiny (I mean, it's like putting baby powder in your hair after all), but it does really thicken it.  Also, I thought maybe the powder would be evident, since it's white, but once you rub it in it disappears!"
"i have to say this is partially my fault as i had read the reviews but i went ahead a bought it, the cream did make my skin darker and i am still trying to fix it"
"Panasonic beauty line, EH-SE60VP heated eyelash curler broke after the first use.  It also made me fear that I would burn my eyeball.  It did not do a good job of curling my eyelashes.  If I could give this device ""no"" stars, I would.  I hated this thing.  Please don't bother with it.  It is useless."
"I waited three months to give this product a fair shot. My skin did not peel to reveal new skin, my pores did not diminish, in fact it diminished the glow to my skin and dried it in spots. I will be returning to Olay products and probably get a professional peel."
I have been wanting these for a while and when I found them on Amazon I was thrilled at the price. I have used them and they work exactly like they are supposed to. High quality and great price.
"Thumbs up!  I use the Argan Oil in my hair, especially on the dried ends, and it softens and conditions my hair overnight. You can use it during the day, but I usually use it at night as it goes on a bit greasy for my liking.  Although it does feel a bit greasy going on, it doesn't leave any trace of grease, just softness. I highly recommend using it in your hair right after you go swimming.  I put it on my in my hair right after I am done swimming, and by the time I am home from the pool and I jump in the shower to wash my hair, the Agran Oil has done it's magic, and my hair is soft and smooth.  I love it!  I also love that the company has a 100% 100-Day satisfaction guarantee policy - awesome because you can try this product risk free!  And what's not to love about no added chemicals?  Don't forget to take a peak at their blog, they have a lot of great ideas on how to use Argan oil besides just for your hair.I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free using Tomoson.com. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers."
"I have tried and reviewed several of Motions new salon haircare products. I have 4a hair and need A LOT of moisture. All the other products in this line bitterly disappointed me except this one! My hair shined, moved, and retained moisture all day long. Plus, it is very light and my hair just drinks it in. I liked it so much that I also use it on my daughters thick, curly 3c/4a hair with great results."
"I've been using this product with my daily skin care, primary at night. This is the last thing I put on my face. I've noticed a Hugh change in my skin primarily around my eyes and smile."
"I've used AHA products before and they've worked very well for me. I am a month into using this one, and it does nothing. My skin shows no difference whatsoever."
very nice.  i like the smell and the way it makes my skin feel.  will definitely recommend and probably repurchase.
I wonder how people give it a good review. This product increased my wrinkles and burnt my skin. The texture is good but the quality is bad. And the price is too much for the size. Believe me please save your money  I bought both the eye and face cream and had to return them. Both were bad quality.
"since i shave me head i gave this to the wife to use.  to me it enhanced her natural red hair, made it more shinny and the little curl that she does have seemed to accent it more.  the wife liked this product for the reasons i just listed."
"Yes, it's expensive but worth it.  I love that it lights up when you look into the mirror and love how perfectly clear the reflection. The bad part of that is you see every blackhead and every pimple and every fuzzy hair."
I got this in the pink as well as the gold and champagne and they are really fun to add a little sparkle to your regular makeup routine.  I have been wearing the pink on my upper lid for the past few days and it really doesn't seem to stay on for the whole day.  I wore it on the lower lash line and it seemed to just wear off and clump in little glitter pieces.  It ended up looking like a little girl playing with kids makeup!  Just for a night out it is okay but it won't last for the whole day.
I order different ones and I guess they all come from China and are a waste of money.  I had to throw these away also.
"i just got this mascara its great,it crushes well the clump looks very natural good color,great product would recommend to everyone"
"I've gone through just about ever 'flavor' of Wen. I love the spring gardenia as it makes my hair soft and supple. I liked almond mint, winter cranberry and I really loved using summer mango coconut last summer. I also liked the aloe/cucumber. I have yet to try Lavender, but I will say that I did not like tee tree, fig or pomegranate. Those last 3 make my hair end up feeling like straw. I can feel it as soon as I rinse my hair after using it. I even used one pump (as suggested by Wen and other Wen users) as a leave in conditioner, thinking that it would soften my hair up,but after blow drying it comes out like straw every time. I hate it. My husband took a pix of the back of my hair and it was stiff like a broom. I will say that the tee tree does smell good and leaves a pleasant tingle on my scalp, but I detest the way it makes my hair feel. Naturally, my hair is already a tad on the dry side, shoulder length and very fine. Like I said before, the best one I've used so far was spring gardenia. It is about the only one that leaves my hair soft. But I will say that I totally disagree with Wen when they say they control frizz, because they do not. Even when I do use that one pump as a leave in at the end, I still end up needing a bit of hairspray to calm the frizzies. Some people would ask why I even bother with Wen instead of regular shampoo....Well, for me, it does make my hair feel clean even though it doesn't lather. I love the smell of it; it smells so clean and that lasts for hours. I managed to find the right one for me and should just stick with that, but I keep hoping that one of the ones I haven't tried yet will work even better than my favorite. I won't get another tee tree, but look forward to using the Lavender.I only gave one star to rate the product, NOT the seller. Seller was timely and professional."
"I am pretty disapointed in this product... It was recommended becuase I have lifting on the tips of my nails.. at first I thought i was using too much bonder because i have read that too much can make lifting worse.... after several process changes and careful application i still get lifting just at the tips... Ive been using Gelish products but wanted to go back to IBD becuase i like the consistancy of IBD gel... Im now using Gelish base gel and IBD pink, white, and clear over that and dont seem to have the lifting problem..."
This makes ur eyelashes look great yeah but they test on animals and I found this out after I ordered this. I shouldn't have ordered this.
"To be honest, I'm not sure if this product is worth it. This shampoo-in stuff is supposed to help extend the life of color. I tend to have more problems with hair growth and obvious roots, but my color certainly fades some too, so I was hoping this could help restore some life. I used in the shower as directed, and I'm not sure that I'm really getting much for results. I think maybe I see some brightening, but it's hard to tell. In other words, there may be some slight results, but if so, they're so subtle that it's hard for me to say for certain. Given the subtlety, I can't say with honesty that it's worth the money. I was somewhat confused as to whether I was properly a cool blonde or a warm blonde (I tried both) and I can say that the results are subtle enough that it doesn't much matter if you choose one or the other.Note: I used both the Warm Blonde and Cool Blonde formulations, and had exactly the same results with both."
"Before I got this blow dryer, I had been using Conair BB075W Pro Blackbird 2000-Watt Hair Dryer.  The thing I like about this one, though it is less wattage (at 1875) is that the opening is wider.  More air.  I like the fan, and the easy-clean air filter setup better than my other one.  Yes, it is bulky, and bright red, but it has a hanging loop, a volume diffuser, and a smoothing concentrator.You must have an ACLI safety device on your outlet.  Most places have them, but be sure so the dryer will shut off if there are any inconsistencies with the electrical current, or if the dryer gets accidentally immersed in water.It has a limited 3-year warranty.  You have to read the limitations, and you have to send in the warranty.  There are no replaceable parts, so Goody will replace a bad dryer if conditions are met.It has a cool shot button, 3 heat settings, 2 air speeds, and a max speed button.My hair got more curve to it with a round brush and diffuser.  Not together; separately.  I do my bangs with a round brush, and then diffuse it.  My other dryer didn't come with a diffuser, and I see it on sale at Amazon for $6.  Not sure if it goes with black bird Pro.This dryer is ionic, ceramic, tourmaline, with a speed fan.The downside is that there is a slight odd odor coming from the motor.  I docked one star for that.  I will update this if I have anything to worry about.Overall a nice blow dryer, in my opinion."
"This would be something that Casper or Powder would use as it is super thick sunscreen that leaves you pale white.  This is not a good sunscreen for fashion conscience beach goers as you'll look a bit silly, but I am pale and it protects me well."
"Been using Parachute Coconut Hair Oil since I was born (legacy of an Indian mother) to keep my hair moisturized.  I thought I'd try this one for the scent  and lightness so i could use it during the day.The scent is pretty and floral but not jasmine.  The consistency is good to tame flyaways and moisturize your ends during the day, but be careful as a little goes a long way.  However, for a deep treatment, I'd stick with the original"
"To be honest I had never heard of emu oil before reviewing this product, but I am glad I did. While I am always nervous about adding oil to my already oily and broken oil face, this emu oil really surprised me. Not only did in not clog my pores or break me out further, but it felt very lightweight on my skin, and absorbed quickly. I also felt it really helped my hair from feeling dry and frizzy from heat styling. I would recommend this oil to anyone for hair, and as a facial moisturizer for all skin types."
"I am always on the lookout for a good hand lotion that doesn't leave me feeling greasy yet repels water. Not an easy task, but this Vaseline Body Lotion w/ Aloe come REALLY close to achieving that goal.Smells great, soaks in within minutes and you are good to go. The bottle has a great push stopper that lets you easily dispense the amount you need without touching anything else other than the top of it.I could FEEL this lotion start doing it's thing almost instantly. NO allergic reactions, no stinging and no greasy residue a few minutes after application. After one week of use I have noticed a definite improvement in my chapped and cracked hands. It DOES have fragrance ingredients in the formula and for some that may be a deal breaker, otherwise you should have no issues.  Shop around for the best price, but the product itself is well worth seeking out.Good stuff!"
"Even though this is made for African American hair, I thought it might help my husbands dry hair/scalp. Well, it totally coated his hair to the point of greasy. Even using a small amount was way too much. The ingredients are very bad. First ingredient is petrolatum. This is a toxin made from petrol bi-products. We will not be using this again."
"Gave this to my teenage son and let him go crazy! He loved the stuff and piled his hair high. Very good hold with just a little needed. The ""Glue"" washes out easily. Nice light coconut scent. The bottle is thin and attractive."
"I like the woodsy smell of this soap, and I feel I am protecting myself. Nice tingly feel! Rinses off and leaves you squeaky clean, no oily residue, but you must moisturize afterward. Hope it helps in the battle against my recent attack of toe nail fungus. Will update info later."
Product came on time and was packaged nicely =)  Love to use this comb after my shower with a little bit of leave in conditioner.  My mom loves it too =)
"girl, it do clump honey!this stuff clumps.  the applicator is made for someone with gigantic eyeballs.  it's completely straight and not curved at all.  it's okay for the price though."
"I have to start out saying I am caucasian.  This product is made for African American hair.  This is basically just a tub of Vaseline.  I am very disappointed because I got this after reading this was for dry scalps.  In the winter my head gets very dry and I can only wash my hair every 5 days or so.  But when I got this home and I saw the for natural or relaxed hair on the front I knew it wasn't for me.  Not only that but there are no directions as to how to use it.This product just wasn't for me but was marketed like it was.  I'm disappointed because I would like a product like this but I have a tub of vaseline already at home so I don't need another one.2 stars because even though I didn't care for the product it did smell nice.Update:I have been taking a VERY small amount, a petite pea size, and rubbing it into my scalp then shampooing it out and it has left my hair quite silking and manageable."
"These Schick hydro silk disposable come in 3 pack and have five blades that are sure to leave you ladies' legs silky smooth. These disposables have a moisture strip that is activated with water, but I still use shaving cream to avoid skin irritation. These are on the pricey side; they cost around $10 for 3 shavers. However, they are a good quality. Not sure about anyone else but I will use them for a few shaves before tossing them in the trash. I will buy these in the future (especially if I can get a coupon lol). 4/5 stars!"
I really love the Suave Professional line. I've used all sorts of hair products out there from cheap to the more expensive lines and I have to say that the Suave Professionals is my go-to brand.The Natural Infusion line is a wonderful line that is enriched with natural ingredients. The Awapuhi Ginger and Honeysuckle is a lightly fragranced conditioner. It is for anti-breakage which is formulated for normal to fragile hair. I have dry hair but it is in a fragile condition since I sustained some damage from some over processing.It works well and leave a clean yet conditioned feeling to my hair.
"i was really looking forward to use this, since a lot of youtubers love it, but unfortunately this broke me out and left my skin feeling sticky, my skin is not sensitive nor have i found a product that breaks me out, i guess there is a first time for everything.. maybe is just my skin..  so i wont purchase this again."
Really haven't seen a major difference and my expectations were not as high as I was hoping for.  But it does feel light on the skin and not a bit sticky or heavy.  I would buy it again just because it penetrates well into the skin without feeling tacky.
Not impressed at all.  It was no  different than the rest of the Hydration Hair Masque I have used.  Not to much to say but it is not worth the cose.
This product is wonderful!!! I used it for the first time this morning and woah! My eyelashes were huge !! ( I used a few coats but I always use many coats no matter what mascara) so far this was my favorite!!! I just got another package; mega plush volum' express I'm going to try this right after I'm done:) but it's a little tiny bit runny it don't let that make you not buy it !! I love it buy it now!!
If I could give a zero star to show how this is such a fake and not even a good fake.  Could not even give away ...stinks!!  I had a real cabochard.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
"We ordered these for our daughter for one of her Christmas presents as she is really into doing different things with hair. We were greatly disappointed when we got these clips. Upon receiving them, one was broken right out of the package and two had the black coating peeling off. A week after use one of the springs broke. These were very cheap and would not buy them again!"
This shade is really nice. I wore this on an interview and found it to be very appropriate for the setting. It's a little to princess-y shade for me though.
"I really like sweet scents, but this one just didn't do it for me. I felt sick after taking a whiff a few times. It smells like a fruity shampoo at first, like Herbal Essences or something. But a few hours later, the smell is still lasting but smells different, like the fruitiness went away.I think the original was way better and lasted longer."
It is easy to apply and covers very well.  I still have yet to experience removing the polish.  This is day 2 and I expect it to last a lot longer.  I am so pleased that I have since ordered 2 more colors and am delighted that there are so many to choose from.
"I tried this Olay program during the winter and my skin became irritated, so I thought I'd wait until some time had passed and my the cold winter winds and icy temps were making my skin more sensitive than normal.No go.  I tried it again and my skin felt itchy and uncomfortable.  But to be entirely fair, I have quite a few allergies and have very sensitive skin.  I can't even use baby oil on my face."
I just dont like this stuff. Maybe its too runny. It left my hair hard. I applied on dry hair.
"My esthetician recommended this product.  I have combination oily skin and at 30 I break out like a teenager. I get black heads and deep acne pimples on my chin.  Prior to up until two years ago I had used proactive and it seemed to work great but either more hormones changed or I acclimated to it.  So I began to break out again.  Since I've been using this product my skin looks amazing.  Here's what she gave me and recommends:1.  For really oily skin use in am and pm.  Use Image SPF 30 Matte face cream in am.  The Matte will prevent breakouts.2. I use retinol mixed in with night cream in the evening.  The retinol exfoliates skin and helps with fine lines and break outs.3. This is potent and can dry out skin.  If your skin gets dry use only at night.  Also, you can apply Image's Vitamin C serum, which will restore your skin without breaking it out.4. Use the Mask as a spot treatment (honestly I use the Aztec clay mask instead and that is awesome and super cheaper check that out on Amazon)."
"I purposely ordered this foundation in a shade that is a bit too light for me, mainly because i wanted to mix it with my foundations that may be a bit too dark for me. I purchased the Warm Vanilla. I've used it alone as well and its not cakey at all, sets well, doesn't break me out."
I am very disappointed with this polish... I barely see the holographic effect in these...I am happy that I didn't pay full price for this because I would have been very upset.
"I wasted my two bucks...should have spent it on a vending machine.  I tried to use it.  It doesn't open right and when you pinch the lash, it's hard to apply. I would not recommend.  Needle nose tweezers would be better"
"This is the only Dermalogica product I use. And might I say I love it! This product is the first step in Demalogicas ""two step"" Cleansing process. It helps remove all your make-up and excess dirt. It is real greasy almost like baby oil so I was hesitant to use it at first. But it is fabulous at removing make-up and even mascara. I wouldn't do without it."
"I bought this product like months ago and forgot to do a review on this product. I used to like this tinted moisturiser especially for everyday use when i'm going to school but now that I use a foundation I just abandoned this product. For me when using it with the Sigma F80 Flat Top Kabuki Brush you can get a full coverage finish, but when using it with your hands you get a light to medium coverage."
"Please take this product off the market and redo it. What type of callus do you expect people to have? This is an embarassment because it doesn't work. I'm glad I didn't recommend this to anyone as I was going to. I paid good money for a product I put in the garbage. That explains what type of product it is, doesn't it?"
"I have purchased this oil several times over the years and every time I get the same reaction: itchy and sore scalp.  I read over the ingredients trying to figure out why my scalp reacts so badly to this oil because I have used the ingredients individually and I don't experience any negative reaction.  It does make my hair soft but then again it just sits on my hair, never really absorbing into my hair.  The smell is offensive to some but I grew up using Sulfur 8 so this is not unusual for me.  Smells like a savory dish to me *shrugs*. To be honest, I would recommend that you purchase it at a local Sally's store because they would let you return it if it doesn't work for you."
"I received compliments on my ""perfume"" when I was using this.  It smells simply wonderful!  The problem is, it's an aerosol can of harsh, drying chemicals. Regardless of what they're listing as ingredients, I found this to be very drying."
"I love Seche Vite Top coat for all the reasons that everyone mentions, specifically the beautiful finish and how quick it is to dry.What I don't like is that some combinations of base coat, color, and seche vite seem to lead to my nail polish coming off in huge chips very early in my manicure.The one I've noticed is Sally Hansen Quick Dry Base Coat, OPI nail polish, and Seche Vite.. It will look fantastic, but then just chip in huge flakes from day two onward.On the other hand, OPI natural nail base, OPI nail polish, and Seche Vite can give me 10 whole days of natural nail manicure, and Sally Hansen Quick Dry Base Coat, OPI nail polish, and Sally Hansen Quick Dry Top Coat can give me 7 whole days of natural nail manicure!So, if you love your Seche Vite you may have to match your base and nail polish to match it. :)"
Brush snapped in half after less than two weeks of use...right where the handle joins the brush head.  Would not recommend.
"I can't say enough about this scrub! I use this in the shower because its nice to get a big glob and work it on to your face. It feels like its heating up on you skin! It feels WONDERFUL! After you rinse it off, your skin feels jelly like.... in a good way! It feels like you went to a spa!"
"It smells very good but why does it smell identical to Australian gold Sinfully Black?The tanning lotion is O.k but I would NOT re-purchased again! OMG the bottle is super hard to squeeze out the lotion nearly impossible, The shipping was fast though arrived to Kansas in 2 days (Prime member)I've been tanning since I was 16 and I'm 19 now and during that time I have used sooo many lotions such asWorship me, Tao, Aphrodisiac, Luminary, White 2 Black, Going GAGA, Sinfully Black, Paint it black, Insanely Black-Tingle, Black storm, Pure Harmony, Verture, Berrylicious, Sun Skin Spa, Steamy conffesions, and some others I can't remember the names and if you want a GREAT LOTION PLEASE GO FOR STEAMY CONFESSIONS IT WILL TAN YOU LIKE YOU'VE BEEN TANNING NEXT TO THE SUN!!"
Tried using this for my eyebrows but it was way to light for my color. I'm an African American and my eyebrows are black and I usually use a dark brown pencil but this was too light
"I liked the natural blush color that appeared when I applied this product. It didn't look at all like I used any blush, and the color produced was very close to my natural blush. I have a very light skinned asian complexion.However, I noticed that about 1.5 hours later, the color disappeared and I wasn't even out in the sun.It was nice while it lasted, but I wouldn't recommend it."
I purchase the product based on the positive reviews. I love the smell and the smoothness but it didnt do anything for my wrinkles.  I really was hoping for this to work but it just didnt for me. So I'm off to search for other products to help with the newly forming wrinkles I'm developing...
"I received a tiny little bag, with maybe 70 tiny little square rhinestones yellow and clear in color... NOT WHAT I ORDERED.. these are not studs and not 3mm.. such a waste of money.. very very disappointed.. bc I followed a link off of someone's YouTube channel.. this is not the product that was used in the video, or what's in the picture."
I thought this would be a dupe for the beauty blender which costs $20 (for just one). Theses things feel like a tennis ball on my skin. They are not sponges these things are made out of rubber. Use your fingers if you have to but don't buy this trash. On a side note I also have the Mac sponge blender-not as good as the real beauty blender
"All of us have various types of curls and we all need different products. My youngest has wispy, loose curls which products don't work well in. They are all too heavy in her hair. Up till now I've sufficed with a teeny, tiny amount of leave in conditioner in her hair when the occasion calls for pretty hair. But she always ends up with a wispy, untamed, frizzy look. This product eliminates that. It is very light, which works very well on her fine curls. her curls hold their shape very well for the majority of the day. It isn't sticky or hard. I use 1 pump per day. It is pretty inexpensive to start with and I see the bottle lasting quite a while. My daughter also loves the smell. This product does nothing for my curls and disappears into my eldest daughter's tight, frizzy, voluminous curls as though it had never been applied. No joke. So great for fine curls, but not good for thick hair."
Dear Conair Gel Grips Brush: where have you been all my life?! I'm not quite sure how I managed without you but I now know that I will never be able to survive without you again :) (For anyone reading this: I guess you can probably tell how much I adore this brush.)  :)
"This is my moms favorite and only perfume she wears. It does go on strong., but the scent lasts all day.m"
"Great product for dry skin. I have eczema and use it when I need that extra skin boost, Love it."
"I have been using this for about 3-4 weeks and, while it smells nice, it has caused my skin to massively break out.  It not foamy at all and feels more like a lotion going on.  Somehow though it still seemed to remove all the makeup from my skin, which was nice.  The red, blotchy, pimply breakouts though are not nice!"
"I was buying this product before the ingredients changed, so I can tell the difference. It still works okay but I remember I loved both the orange scent and the moisture I felt before and after washing the product out.  I won't be surprised if the ingredients change again since this brand use not so high quality of ingredients (sulfates, petrolatum, etc.). So, I won't buy again."
"This product did moisturize my face, but that's all it did, and I can do that with my standard moisturizer.After four weeks of per-instructions use, the wrinkles I was targeting (two above my upper lip) are as visible as they were when I started.I may have noticed an exfoliating effect, but I'm not sure whether what was coming off was skin or just dried product.The product came out oddly, never fully mixed. There was clear, very thin fluid plus a thicker yellowish fluid. They were NOT mixed. The smell was also ""off,"" almost like the odor of oil going rancid."
"Oh what a disappointment...The first three days of use were pretty good, then small break outs started to appear, and mind you, my skin doesn't freak out for no reason, if I punish it then yes it will revolt, and this 14 day torture system was certainly punishment to my pores. I must admit I never got to the face mask, I just couldn't do this horrible ritual anymore, I missed my nice face creams and soothed skin, this made it tight and dry then I would wake up to find clogged pores and random strange things on my face, this feels full of chemicals that are a harsh change from the beautiful creams I have been using.Since I'm only 27 and there are no wrinkles yet I can't say how this works on wrinkles, but the lotion in them was strange and not pleasant and my skin literally felt unhappy each time I used it not to mention the breakouts, those were such a fun bonus...- Kasia S."
"If you dress up a lot in costumes this is a great product for you. Please ladies don't make yourself look like a crazy psychopathic bride of chuck doll wearing these thick, hard, plastic lashes!"
"As soon as you turn or twist them even a little bit. So annoying. Every single one I've used I've had to pick out of my hair in two pieces. Maybe i'm being too aggressive with them. If you do want to buy them, maybe get a stress ball or something too?"
"I started using at home BKTs this year after not relaxing my type 4b super-coarse, super thick hair for four years. I originally started out with Organix's kit with the excellent results, but the fact the it reddened my hair annoyed me and I was a little apprehensive of the ingredient list. I stumbled upon Renpure website and decided to try out their treatment (it is relatively cheap, much cheaper than Organix). I am very very pleased with results - I can apply it with my hands, I can use as much or as little as I want, and it doesn't discolor my hair at all. Just smooth, shiny, manageable hair. I'm sold. I really hope this catches on with black women who are looking for a safe, easy method to obtain straight hair (or anyone looking to super-shiny smoothness to their hair, period), and I especially love the fact the it isn't permanent so I can go back to my natural hair texture whenever. I would advise anyone to try this, just be sure to use only sulfate and sodium free shampoos (Aubrey's Honeysuckle Rose Shampoo and Conditioner is simply THE BEST moisturizing combo out there, hands down), and be sure use a flat iron the reaches temps of 450 degrees (most important). Also, Renpure's Argan Oil products complement this excellently.Black women with super curly or kinky hair, who use dangerous chemicals such as lye on their it (which causes irreversible damage), try this. You won't be disappointed. I wasn't."
This is seriously the BEST top coat I've tried. I've tried ones from Sally Hansen to OPI and this is by the BEST one. It dries super fast. In 5 mins I'm on the go! And it also leaves a super glossy touch to it. I'm on day 5 right now and my nails still look freshly done!!!
"I tried a lots of different product to find one which help my skin looks healthier. It seems &#34;The Nature's Best Vitamin C Serum&#34; is the one I was looking for. It helps skin to look firm, softer, younger and healthier and it's ingredients  reduce and reverse the aging process."
"Unless you cannot find an indian store, then it is ok. I do not like the price, it os overpriced. I found a store, I was lucky, where I was able to buy a five-pound bag and it saved me a lot of money. At least the greys fade, it is not black, but it does not matter, as long the greys hide. I have used this before, and it worked pretty good, I just don't like the price, it is overpriced compared to the regular Henna I have bought for more volume and a great price!"
"I know that this one is suppose to be for &#34;mineral&#34; foundation but I actually do prefer this one to my F80 for cream and liquid foundations as well. Go figure. I mean don't get me wrong I love the F80 as well but if it's clean THIS is my first choice, every single time. I love it!"
really small in size..even with the % off from Amazon I think i overpaid for a ok product!
"This lotions smells terrible. It's like burning rubber, used cooking oil, something chemically and dirty. I have sensitive skin so I've used a lot of fragrance-free lotions and all of them have a slight scent, but nothing nasty like this."
". . . After using this for a short time, it's hard to tell if it works or not, but I was eager to try this product.  I'd seen it advertised on TV and it sounds good.  It is light and nongreasy - I like it for those attributes.  Whether or not it will improve my skin probably won't be known for a time, but I'm willing to give it a try.  It does have an SPF of 15 and that's always good."
"I've found that many deep conditioners don't feel all that different from regular conditioners. This certainly wasn't the case with the Motions at Home Deep Conditioner. The product was significantly heavier than many other conditioners I've used. The heaviness didn't exactly appear to make a difference.The heaviness actually makes this product significantly more annoying than one would expect. If your shower lacks a powerful nozzle, you'll likely run into trouble getting this out of your hair. Conditioner should not be this tedious.The other problem is that this product doesn't necessarily work better than any other deep conditioner. If the product isn't better than other deep conditioners, I can't really justify putting up with the problems that it causes. It may not cost a lot of money, but its certainly a cheap product."
"Although these are not my favorite color, they are nicely made, can hold a fair amount of products, and I found them very easy to cleanup. I am a no fuss kind of girl, so really  I need a product that performs as advertised, in this case holds and relatively protects my things. And when I say my things, I don't mean what's in the pouch, but what's in the bag that has the pouches. So far, it's been adequate in that regard."
Wonderful product & company! The shipping was fast & the product was amazing! This lash curler is a wonderful addition to my collection. As a beauty blogger I always look around for the newest most effective products & I have found something wonderful in Izy Trends Lovely Lashes Curler! I recommend this for all women. You don't have to be extremely familiar with curlers to be able to use it! 5 of 5 stars no doubt! I love it!
"This brush is a must have for long or short hair, straight or curly!  The brush detangles and smoothes your hair after washing and works well on dry hair too.  I have used a similar one that worked ok, but didn't have a handle and didn&#8217;t have long enough bristles. It just wasn't comfortable to use.  But this hair tamer brush does tame the hair. The bristles are long enough that is goes to the root, which is great for long hair.  The handle fits nicely in your hand and the brush itself is lightweight.  It makes my hair feel so soft- love it!"
"Unfortunately I didn't care for this protein.  In spite of attempts to mix well, it remained gritty; and the French vanilla flavor was too sweet for my particular taste."
I love doing designs on my nails and I have seen these tape stripes used many times.  I just ordered them and I can't wait for them to arrive.  It's going to take a few weeks because of where its shipping from but reading the reviews it seems like it often comes before estimated delivery date which is good.  **Tip:  To prevent the tape from lifting from the sides of your nail make sure you cut it a little shorter than your nail's edge.  Cutting it over the edge or just at the edge will make it more prone to unwrapping.  Seal it in with a topcoat immediately after application.  And it's recommended to apply on dry nail/nail polish so that you can press it down with finger.**  Happy decorating!!
"I am so disappointed in this company! I've ordered many times from them before and never had an issue until I received this shipment! First off, what they sent is a liquid, not a gel as they advertise here! Also, the content is not BHA, but simply rubbing alcohol! Way to try to rip people off, Skin Laboratories! Sneaking in some plain rubbing alcohol in your shipments hoping that some customers won't realize that this is not a real peel! Not with me!! I have done many BHA peels before and I KNOW what a true BHA peel is. This is not!! This is just rubbing alcohol, does absolutely nothing! Returning the item today and will never order from this company again! You lost a loyal customer!"
"FERIA DOES NOT COVER GREYS VER ELL, WHICH IS WHAT I WANTED. IT MAKES THE HAIR VERY SHINY. NICE LIGHT COLOR WITHOUT TOO MUCH RED TONES."
I don't know if it is just me but I think this product smells a little like a wet dog .  the smell really turned me off but it also made my hair sticky and tacky feeling . I haven't used it before this so I am wondering if it is expired or a bad batch?
Great stuff. Costs less than the department stores including Walmart and Target. By the way I am not bashing Walmart! With today's economy have to shop with some sense.
So you want to take a nice long bike ride.  You want to protect your self from the sun.  So you grab your bottle of SPF 30 and put some on your palms.  You rub it on your arms and legs and face and then go to the garage to get your bike.  Wait!  I've got slipper stuff on my palms and now on my handle bars.  If I'm lucky I won't wreck my bike after sweating for a half hour.  Now with Banana Boat Sport Cool Zone Sunscreen Continuous Spray SPF 30 I don't have that problem.  All I do is spray on with no mess on my hands and get the bike and go.  The spray is cool and refreshing.  The spray is fast and easy and there is no mess.  I suppose the only downside is how long will the product last and how expensive will it be?  So far it still sprays and I use it when I'm in a rush to get that ride before the rain.  I like this product!
"I am so disappointed. I wanted something that would sooth, not break out my skin, as well as be a good spf. Instead, this promptly caused a breakout. I did not use it in combination with anything else new, nor had I had any significant break outs in some time, so I feel comfortable saying this was the cause."
"This works nicely. Heats up quickly. Very easy to use. It is lightweight and easy to handle. Love that it comes with a locking option. Took me a second to figure out how to do it though since it was so different than my previous flat iron. I can't call it salon quality, but it is much nicer than the one I owned prior. Works well on my fine, wavy hair. I don't know if it would be a match for someone with thicker or curly hair though."
Great product!
"I have been using Regenerist for about 8 years and I would not be without.  You cannot beat the price at Amazon.  It's extremely effective for under the eye and I am told that I don't look my age, and Regenerist is definitely one of the reasons for that. Highly recommend this great product.  AMAZON ROCKS!"
this concealer is one of the best I have used at such a good price. I am kind of a makeup snob who decided to give Covergirl a try. It does cover well and you need very little product. I also use the corrector as I have a bluish pigment under my eyes. It covers wonderfully also with very little product. A must try for anyone trying to cover dark circles under their eyes.
This was too harsh for me. I tried both dry and wet brushing my face with it. I am even doubtful if it can be used wet. Anyway did not work for me. However I have begun to use it on hands and feet which works well
"I have to be fair and say I like most shampoos.  There are two issues that some do cause for me though, scalp dryness and stiff dry hair.  This product on the other hand, left my hair soft yet workable and my scalp feels great.  The scent is a pretty typical, mild and slightly sweet one, that could work for either sex.  I like the way this rinses easily as well, and I find for myself, I don't need to use conditioner after every wash, so it saves me some time and money.  Great product."
Giovanni Invigorating TTTT Conditioner is one of my favorite products! It does what it claims to do and uses organic ingredients.  I love the smell and feel of it.  It leaves my hair soft and nourished.  I feel better using organic than department store conditioners as the list of ingredients sounds so much healthier!
"I bought this for stamping along with white and silver and I didn't like how this one worked at all, its not really the right consistency for stamping despite being called &#34;Special Nail Art Stamping Polish.&#34; The black, silver, and white all work, I actually went back and ordered a bottle of black after liking the white and the silver so its not the brand, its this specific color because when it comes to the silver glitter I was disappointed, it didn't show well. If you want a glittery look I liked Harp On It by Color Club (its a holographic and it works great for stamping.)"
"Everyone said this brush dryer is so great -- but I am finding it hard to work with and very noisy !!It heats up well but the spin speed goes too fast -- I find it hard to control and it just grabs my hair .In theory, this is a good idea.  I am not sure it works in reality.  I may have to return this."
I love Essie nail polish and new unusual colors.  This is one color I had to toss. Evan my daughter wouldn't wear it.
"3-pack color coded, so family members will not confuse which one is hers/his. This is a new product to us that we started to like. It is very hard to reach your back unless you have a back brush. Back brush can lather your back but not these towels can also give you a rub to remove dead skin cells. The towel is long enough to hold on each end and rub it on your back. It also reach parts of your back that itches which makes dual-purpose.After use, I pat it on a terry towel to remove water. This way it doesn't get soggy or prevent the growth of germs.A sample of this product was sent to me for review purposes."
"I'm pretty pleased with this shampoo/conditioner combo. The anti-dandruff properties seem to work well (at least as well as Head and Shoulders) but unlike other dandruff shampoos it does not leave my hair dry. It lathers well and rinses easily.My only quibble is the scent. It's just OK - not objectionable, but it is a bit more medicinal than I care for. Not enough to warrant detracting a star, however."
"I am cursed with very fine hair, that is now also thinning as I get older. I am always dubious of products that make grand promises, but had not tried a ""scalp conditioner"" before, so thought I'd give it a try. First, the smell of this product is wonderful, but may be overpowering if you are using it with other scented products. The product itself is very thick and a small amount goes a long way. Directions state to shampoo, then gently massage this product into your scalp and hair, then rinse. The product takes a long time to rinse out thoroughly. All that said, I do notice, just 7 days from starting to use this product, that my hair feels stronger and my scalp itches far less. I do not have dandruff, just a few ""itchy"" spots on my scalp, and this has been cut down noticeably. Immediately after use my hair is left very soft and very shiny.I will continue to use this product as it seems to do what it promises, and I enjoy the scent as well as the results of shiny hair and less itchy scalp. It's all good!"
"When I use this, my hair is really bouncy and volumous and suuper shiny and straight. And what's weird is it doesn't feel greasy at all, even the day after. The smell is amazing too. The only thing is I have to use a lot of this to get good results. I have highlighted medium length hair that is fairly thick, and I have to use 3-4 whole pumps. But its still a great value. The bottle is small but it will last soo long."
"Did not work well on my hair.I have dry, relaxed hair and this did nothing to help it become softer."
"My daughter really only likes the long ones but her friends like the short ones too.  Soooooo easy to put in and you can wash your hair, curl it, everything without worrying about ruining it.  If you are careful when you remove the little metal things you can even use them again!"
"I ordered this brush from Amazon because my local retailers didn't have it in stock. My order arrived promptly and the brush is amazing! It's soft, easy to hold, and does a great job applying color. The bristles don't seem to fray like on less expensive brushes, which means I'll be using it for a while. I would definitely recommend this brush to anyone!"
Solar Oil is a must have for the care of your cuticles. The bottle is huge and the smell is like fresh Almonds. It glides on like a polish and then you rub it gently around the rest  of your entire nail bed. Must have for the long winter months&#10084;
It broke the before I got it over my head. You get what you pay for. It looked so cute but it is so tight it will break and is unfixable or will give you headache.
"I had been using the DivaCup for a while and had a lot of success with it, but when I lost it a friend  gave me a pack of the softcups she had used once and didn't like. I thought since I had liked the other brand this would be much the same way... it wasn't I don't know how many times I tried to readjust things and try different angles or higher/lower inside the vaginal walls, I couldn't stop the cup from leaking. It wasn't horrible, but it was enough to ruin a couple of pairs of panties which ensured that I wasn't saving money on this alternative item and that I won't be using the brand again. It was an utter disappointment... I'd say try another brand instead like DivaCup or Lunette, I had good experiences with both."
"Okay, where do I start and where or goodness is the nearest circus in town?  Not only is this jumbo, it's got to be a joke cause NO ONE needs a bonnet this size unless they are wearing a triple threat bouffant hair-do.  If your hair is long then just wear a snood or pin your hair up - really?  And I think if the fabric were silky smooth on this particular bonnet then it would make sense for some to have a bonnet this size.  But the fabric is stiff wrinkly, and hard.  Run for the Barnum and Bailey circus I say!  All this model needs are floppy ears to wear with her bonnet.  LOL"
Perfect for my needs.
"Paul Mitchell did not disappoint with this product--of course Paul Mitchell rarely disappoints me. The spray has a wonderful smell, sprays well, & helps to make my hair wavy. I have a few favorite sea spray hair products, but this has moved to my number one favorite. Why? Because this gives my hair body and doesn't leave my hair with any crunch. (I have straight hair too.) Eager to now try more of the Awapuhi Wild Ginger line."
It's a little bit dry after I used this masque. Guess better not use it too often. 1 time per week will be fine.
"I don't understand all of the rave reviews. This product settled into all of my pores and lines and look really cakey and gross-not flattering. Also, the colors are off. It took three purchases to get the right color-never had this trouble before. I am not impressed."
"Argan oil is a great moisturizer. It is useful in many ways. I have to say I'm probably biased, but my girlfriend uses this and she glows and is absolutely stunning. I'd recommend argan oil (carefully though!)"
"You couldn't ask for more... great price, great colors (something for everyone), and you can leave it matte or just put a shine top coat to make it look glossy.  The package arrived FAST... no damages, I've already used 5 of the colors, they dry fast and are great as a base for stamping or water marbling, too."
"Suave products are a reliable, economical option for hair care.  I have used their products for years and always been happy.  This leave in foam is no exception.  After washing and towel dry I put about three pumps into my hand and ran it through my hair.  It has a light, pleasant scent that does not overpower.  I leave my hair to air dry and the foam gives body without leaving any residue. It holds my curls well and I can use a little more on my dry hair to tame any fly aways.  Very pleased with this product and will definitely purchase in the future."
I use this in the a.m. when I am usually in a hurry to get to work... a couple of strokes to the eyebrows and you are set all day.  Would purchase again!
"This is not a moisturizer. If that's what you are looking for, than don't buy this product. What it does do is create an amazing dewy glow on your skin, that doesn't look like glitter or fake. It makes your skin look AMAZING for pictures if you have a special event coming up. I used to use this all the time in college when we would go out on the town and I was showing some skin. I just ordered this to use on my wedding day to get that dewy glow for pictures. This also leaves your skin feeling silky-soft, though it more of a I-just-applied-mineral-oil to my skin sort of way (it doesn't really moisturize, like I said before)."
FAVORITE LIP GLOSS EVER! YOU MUST BUY THIS. BEST NUDE COLOR.. NOT TOO STICKY. I WEAR IT OVER ANY/EVERY LIP STICK LOOOOOOVE IT.
"It's gentle and non-drying without tightening the skin, but yet removes mascara.  I've used many cleansers including some expensive ones, but this may be the best yet. I don't have to worry about having dry patches on my face after a few days use with this cleanser. I will definitely continue to  purchase this product."
"I have been using Bare Minerals for years.  I am so glad the blush comes in a pressed powder, no more mess!I don't use the included brush, but love the color and the quality."
I have really damaged hair and this didn't help it one bit. Maybe you need some silocone in your hair sometimes just to be able to get a brush through it. My hair felt dry after using this product.
"It works better than most concealers I've used, and I don't get that clumped feeling on my eyelids when using it. It goes on smooth, and people tell I looked refreshed when using it. I'd purchase it again."
"My hair is short, straight and fine so drying time, unfortunately, (what I wouldn't give for fantastic hair) has never been an issue with me. On that basis, I don't know that I'm qualified to review the finer points of a hand-held hair dryer and hence can only comment on its features and whether or not it does what it's supposed to do.The Remington D-2012 Salon Quality Ceramic Hair Dryer (with tourmaline) positions itself on its packaging against another dryer in the same price range (which I don't happen to own). It includes a concentrator and a diffuser, neither of which I have reason to use. Not unlike just about every other hand-held dryer on the market, it adjusts for both airflow and temperature. Its claim is that its AC motor lasts longer than DC motors; I have no means of verifying this. To be honest, I don't use the Remington D-2012 all that often because I keep it at my parents' house so that I don't have to travel with a dryer when I visit. However, it does a good job for me and even though it seems a tad flimsier than my other dryer (hence the one-star demerit), I can recommend it regardless."
"EcoTools  Skin Perfecting Brush: This is the first time I have heard of this company but I like their attitude toward caring for our planet.Indeed yes, there are brushes you can purchase which are comprised of animal hair, such as sable make up brushes, brushes made of Boar's hair, and so on.However, even if you are not vegan, not a member of PETA, not an animal lover, and maybe you just don't care about anything at all except your MAKEUP, I am not here to judge you,I am here to tell you this is a good, inexpensive, nice brush to use to assist you in applying your BB creme (I use this every time I apply mine) , or to use as a blush brush to shape the contours of that stunning visage of yours!I like this EcoTools Skin Perfecting Brush!  I hope you do too!Incidentally, I am not a member of PETA, and I am not vegan--but I have been a vegetarian for 9 years and if I had the guts I would be a vegan...for health reasons as much as anything else.I like to think that one tiny step at a time we will recover our dear planet. It is more complicated than a makeup brush, for sure, but that is a start.Thanks,jean"
"I had high hopes for this given the average rating and reviews, but for me this did absolutely nothing. My mother bought it and neither of us had any results. Definitely not worth the money. Would not use even for free."
I love the rubber grip on this tool. It makes it easier to grip when pushing back cuticles. Very sturdy as well and reasonable cost.
"It made my hair sticky and hard i didn't like it. Also it smells like chemicals and made my hair feel stiff. I originally bought it because i got this waver for my hair and thought i should get a protectant spray for the heat, well it didn't work my hair got kind of frizzy. Then again my hair gets frizzy easily, and is sensitive i guess so maybe it just wasn't for my hair type. I know lots of other people think it's amazing so i don't know, not for me though. Total waste of 8 bucks and shipping was forever!!!"
"I inadvertently ordered two vitamin C serums, and I'm glad I did!  This is so watery it's difficult to apply...the other one I got was a true serum [not water!]  I would NOT recommend this to ANYONE to buy!"
I use this over the more expensive ones. the color is natural and develops quickly. smells better than any other one I have tried.
"When it came in the mail, I just tried it, (could not use the &#34;PRO- Brush that it comes with it, because it doesn't work). In less of hlf an hour I looked like a raccoon, It smudge all over my face. It is really cheap but it also doesn't work. Save your $2."
"When collagen breaks down, peptides are released into the dermis.  Peptides signal the dermal system to produce more collagen.  This product, with four peptides, seems promising at first glance.  After all, if we can improve collagen production, we're protecting the structure of our skin.There are many products that contain peptides on the market.  Fytofontana promises results because this product contains not only a variety of peptides, but several other ingredients, like retinol, sodium hyaluronate, and phospholipids.  Beyond these considerations, there are a number of shortcomings to consider.The first problem is dispensing the product.  The cap must be pumped and removed so you can dispense the product from a pipette.  Two problems here:  What if you knock over the bottle and spill the product?  And the bottle is not opaque.  Exposure to air and light diminish the efficacy of retinol.Second, this product contains a lot of fragrance in the form of perfume and essential oils.  This will certainly cause problems for many users, experienced as irritation or allergic reaction.Because there are many serums available that do contain peptides and the other beneficial ingredients mentioned that have opaque, airtight packaging, I do not recommend this serum.  I have used it for several weeks with no improvement in the appearance of my skin.  This could have been a contender, but it isn't."
This set has many different colors and shapes which makes it so much more fun when I do my hands and feet. I opted to quit the salons for a while as I am having fun doing my own nails.
the MAIN reson why i ordered it was because of the black.... like on the picture... and black is not even in it
i love  this color with  most of my other opi colors that I use it on. Stays on for a long time too!
Good price for a nice brush! I bought two and I'm glad I did! I use one for my Jane Iredale mineral base and the other for a bronzer brush.
Upon ordering this I was expecting the polish to be black or in that close proximity but instead is a dark plum/purple color. I love the color its just not what I was expecting. Besides the color confusion the Gelish polishes are wonderful as always. Great product & would recommend to everyone.
Darkest brown was more of a light brown. It did not give me the look that I was looking for. Very disappointed.
"Like other reviewers, I had tried these in the past, and recently gave them another shot.The Biore Deep Cleansing Pore Strips will pull small blackheads out of your nose and forehead, but they seem to only work for specific types. Not blackhead that are too large or too small, and the black head have to be visible on the surface.On your nose, you could probably get a better result by squeezing than in putting these strips on your wet nose and waiting around for 15 minutes. Also, if you wait too long, it's harsh on your skin to peel off, and if you pull too soon, they don't work.The nose strips are considerably more effective than the forehead ones -- at least for my face."
"These are NOT nail art paints, so don't be fooled! They are, LITERALLY, fabric puff paints with the labels taken off and a silver &#34;nail art&#34; sticker stuck on.  The paint will peel off your nails within an hour or so of them being dry, even with a top coat! These were NOT made for nail art, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  Thankfully the seller I used felt bad and refunded my money, as well as removing this product from their inventory completely.  I suggest all sellers do the same and let the fabric paint people have them.  :("
"All I can say is, if you do as the directions state, your nails will grow and become stronger. I use this as my base coat for every mani that I do now. It became the miracle cure for my weak, brittle, peeling, breaking nails. I haven't had a problem since! LOVE IT!"
"I have bought this product quite a few times. I wear sunscreen every day, but I also suffer from oily, acne-prone skin. This sunscreen is truly THE best. It goes on smoothly, and it leaves no shine behind at all. I do not believe I have ever broken out from this sunscreen. Plus, makeup goes on top of it perfectly - it works just as well as any other moisturizer under makeup. And it protects from the sun well. I put this on my face and my boyfriend's during an all-day music festival in the dead of summer (it was 97 degrees that day) and neither of us got sun-burnt (we reapplied often of course)!"
"These are one of the biggest staples in my beauty routine. I use them primarily for removing eye makeup, and for using toner, but I also use them to wipe off makeup brushes between uses. I have these auto-delivered as I literally go through one of these packets every two weeks- but they are versatile, soft, and do not cause any issues with my skin. Better than cotton balls for me."
Love this shower gel. It's so good at softening the skin and the smell is delightful. It smells sooooooooooooo good and clean. I absolutely love soap and glory products. Love this shower gel forever.
don't waste your money on this.  There are better products and I would order this again  Look up Illuminesce DMAE on amazon.
"This stuff is super thick and in a bad way. It has NO slip whatsoever, so it's thick and goopey and doesn't spread easily at all. It also has a strong, annoying scent, and did not effectively moisturize my thick, coily AA hair. I would not recommend."
"I resisted trying White Diamonds for years, certain it was dreadful because (a) it's inexpensive and (b) even back in 1991, the first ads showed a silver-haired Liz with various middle-aged lovers. I absolutely despise the cloying Red Door, of similar vintage and price point... and I unfairly lumped WD in the same category. How wrong I was! This is a beautiful, classic white-floral chypre. Easy to wear and love. It does start out with a pretty bold blast of multiple white flowers, but the fizzy-fresh aldehydes and woods keep the flowers from turning rotten. As WD wears on, it is soft and clean and yet strong in character: the florals stick around until the end, but are pretty rather than overwhelming. Reminds me quite a bit of Chanel No 5, but brighter, less formal and more versatile. This stuff is classy and distinctive and I am a big fan!"
This item was a disappointment.  The colors I received were hideous.  The towels themselves were not absorbent at all.  These will be used as garage rags.  Don't waste your money.
"This product is hard to find on shelves in my area, on the rare occasion I or my mom would see it we would buy up like 3 bottles at a time. I have just started buying it on Amazon instead. I love that it absorbs quickly and doesn't leave my hands greasy (I HATE having greasy hands) but still leaves my hands feeling soft and moisturized. The scent is light and pleasant, similar to the scent of the other aveeno products. I'll also use it on my legs after shaving and on any other dry/itchy patches I might have on my skin and the oatmeal in it really does seem to help calm the itching."
THE PICTURE SHOWS TINY BRISTLE BRUSHES AND THAT IS NOT WHAT YOU GET. THEY ARE MUCH BIGGER. SO WAS NOT HAPPY WITH PURCHASE.
It do the job but i wish it came with instructions on how to insert the bids in...i almost messed it up LOOOL I took something to make the lil hole to insert the bid bigger...im glad i stopped and didnt keep messing it up!! IN THE END I FIGURE IT OUT AND IT WAS MY MISTAKE BUT IT WORKS TOTALLY FINE. Just press the little silver button and unscrew the other silver thing where you insert the bids and the little hole will get bigger. Just insert and screw close again. DONE!!
this is way to shiney for me and there is no way to tone the shimmer down. it's a very adolescent color if that makes sense. it looks like a teenage girl color or play make up. wouldn't buy again. the shimmer settles in the fine lines that noone wants to be noticed. pass
"I have worn this lipcolor for many years.  Love it!  They stopped making this Spicy Beige color and I'm glad you have it available online!  I purchased 2 so far.  Today i bought the last 1 available.  It does last a long time, so when I go back to purchase again in the store, they stop making it and I have to go online to Covergirl to see what the newest color is that is to work best w/ my color.  I have found this color to be perfect for me, before I found it online, I tried at least 5 or more diff colors in the store, its so frustrating they change the colors so often!  Your lips get dry during the day, and that is why they make the clear coat that comes w/ it, you can also use chapstick like I do.  I drink water all day and I hate to have a glossy lip print on my cup, so I tend to wear my chapstick instead of the clear coat.Thanks for making this available!"
I was really excited to try  this. I have become obsessed with anything nail related. I played with  this for about 2 hours before settling on a design. And I love the different plates there are so many options .
It has been my experience with sensitive skin that collagen agravates it and causes breakouts! Have learned the hard way to avoid it!
I have been using this on my face for about a week now and love how it makes my skin feel silky and soft and it is non drying
"I read that last review. Well, if you don't want a long lasting matte lipstick don't buy this!I doesn't smell either. I am in my early 60's so creamy n glossy r things of the past.My favorite matte lipstick is Mac but it cost round $17.00 . I have been quite happy with this product.Does everything my Mac does n cost much less."
I would like my money back this. Is a poor nail tip I have had to reform many clients..loosing. Money is not the name of my game.  Very upset with this productAfter applying tips. On several. Clients each back with easily broken nails. The pinky. Nail would always crack when cutting down to size. Not good at all. I ended up doing double work and lost lots of money and clientsn.so dissatisfied .....
they dont work
"Suave Professionals Gradual self Tanner is one of the best self tanning lotions I've used.  The scent wasn't too strong, and it was absorbed into my skin evenly.  The tan color that resulted was natural looking, not at all 'orangey'. I'm satisfied with this product and plan to use it throughout the summer for a nice glow."
Had problems with it my eyes swelled up
"I can see the Unilever marketing machine at work, with so many positive reviews of this series of moisturizers.  I tried all 3 because they are cheap compared to the products I buy from department store, i.e., Lab Series.  You do get what you pay for and these products are crap...These moisturizers are so basic, they are no known advanced ingredients to provide any anti-aging or skin-repairing benefits.  They also don't provide sufficient moisture for combination skin.  And why does Dove add fragrance to a product for sensitive skin when it is scientifically established fragrance is a top skin irritant.If you are willing to spend more, department stores offer far better and far more advanced products like Lab Series.  If your budget restrict you to drugstore products, then there still better choices such as Neutrogena for Men, or just Olay products (though not grey color containers)This line of Dove products are so underwhelming, it's embarrassing by today's standard."
wish they has this color first since I ended up with a plain black one that im gonna have to either donate or fill with more plates! very decent quality you can even double up on each pocket without worry
"the expensive one I purchased at Sally's fell apart after several years so I had to replace it.  This looked similar but it is NOT like the one I purchased a few years ago.  This is made of very cheap thin aluminum and I can't get the pieces together.  It comes with 2 screws but the holes are not large enough to screw in so maybe Heman can come and put this together for me.  it's a cheap piece of crap lol.  All of that could be forgiven BUT when I put my hair dryer in it, the whole thing tips over.  It's not the base that is the problem it's the &#34;flexible hose&#34; part is not strong enough ...I REALLY need to start reading these reviews...."
"I had extremely damaged hair I was babying along with Revlon Butter Treat, it was looking pretty decent as it was growing out.  Then I bought and tried Redken Cat.  This product did more to damage my hair than anything I've tried on it.  I feel it stripped both moisture and color from my hair and left me with straw-like lifeless frizz and so much breakage I needed a haircut after using it. Maybe if your hair was in good shape to begin with it could handle CAT and actually be improved, but my experience is: Buy this - and give it to your enemies."
"The images on this plate are neat designs and the size is perfect.  It arrived packaged well and the blue plastic removes from the plate easily.  But...the images are not etched deep enough.  I cannot get them to work!  I've tried using different polishes (Konad and regular), I've tried using different stampers and scrapers.  I've tried scraping at different angles and scraping from different directions across the image.  I tried each image multiple times, and have only been able to get 1 of the images to transfer to the stamper.  I like the images and really want these to work, so I will keep trying and hope I can find a way to make them work!"
I've been using this about 4 times a week for a month and I have seen no difference. I use it on my knees and other darker areas of my body and there is no change. It smells good but it leaves your skin feeling rigid and hard and not smooth or soft. It's alright just as a normal soap but it's useless as a skin lightning soap.
"Although I've only had my flat iron one day, I could not be happier. I used it yesterday and my hair this morning is still shiny and straight! It heats up faster than any other flat iron I've had and leaves hair as shiny as those commercials -about hair products- you see on TV. It might be too soon to review this product, but I'm so happy with the results that I could not wait..."
"This is everything an eyeliner should be: dark in one application, creamy, easy to work with and long-lasting. I've repurchased this item. I can still use my old one, although it has dried up a bit (purchased two years ago). I find it easier to use with an angled eyeliner brush, but the tiny brush it comes with is also workable, just make sure not to load it too much, otherwise you'll get no color from the tip of the brush and two parallel black lines from the edges. I have super-watery eyes and it times, after extended wear, it can smudge a little bit under the eye, but nothing dramatic. I'll keep buying this!"
"This does not work for a beginner. Maybe user error? But I was extremely disappointed.Leaves my face red, nearly scarred, and doesn't get out hard to reach blackheads.Also, took weeks to deliver."
"I love this product for everyday coverage.  It gives a natural, dewy finish.  It is easy to apply and blend into the skin.  Perfect for this mom-on-the-go to slap on after the gym.  I can't even feel it on my skin, but it gives me confidence that my skin looks great.  My favorite makeup product."
"What's the second ingredient in Dr. Perricone's Super Detox Elixir? What's the second ingredient in Murad Clarifying Toner?  What's the second ingredient in Olek Henriksen Grease Relief Face Tonic?  I could go on and on.....but I'll just let you know. It's witch hazel, which you can find in your local pharmacy for a few bucks,  is a great astringent. And its one in its purest form.What is witch hazel? It is the leaves and bark of the North American shrub known as Hamamelis Virginiana (sometimes you might see this on a label as an ingredient in your favorite toner or astringent instead of the words ""witch hazel"").  Witch hazel naturally grows in Nova Scotia in Canada, and Florida in the United States.Witch hazel can be used for so many things but using it as your daily astringent can not only give you great skin but also a lot of bang for your buck! In addition, witch hazel is an herbal and natural product and thus it is great for sensitive skin. You can apply it after shaving, waxing and any kind of skin care regimen.There is a reason you can find witch hazel in so many skin care products.  It has so many benefits: it reduces excess sweating and oil secretion, helps with large pores, treats acne, and helps with various other skin conditions.  The astringent also has anti-inflammatory properties. If you have ever had a facial, you will notice that usually after extractions, your aesthetician will apply with hazel to your skin. Witch hazel can also help prevent the development of acne as well as treat existing acne and pimples. This is the reason why it is frequently used in acne skin care products.Another approach for using witch hazel astringent is treating psoriasis, dermatitis, eczema, diaper rash and poison ivy rash in the natural way. Witch hazel is also one of the best herbal remedies for alleviating sunburns and windburns.And the best part is that you can pick it up at your local pharmacy for about five bucks! Hope you enjoyed this skincents tip! For more tips and reviews visit pimples and wrinkles. And look out for the launch of our new site this month which will feature product reviews, treatment reviews and spa reviews. See you at pimples and wrinkles!"
"They look really fake, unlike other nails and they are wide. I'm not sure if it's the material used, but I don't like it."
"Its blush. I do like how loreal matches their line with a number system- that's my favorite thing with these. Otherwise, its pretty typical"
"1/3 of my containers might as well be empty. Literally. 2 of the 12 are half full the rest are under 1/4 - 4 of which I coukd count the tiny beads by looking through the lid.Disappointed to say the least.Expect teeny tiny beads - the pics are right but are taken up clise so perception may be thry are bigger than the actual size.I received:- black, looks great but virtually empty so its useless to me- silver, as above- gold, as above- metallic purple, looks good and have half a container- metallic fuschia, as above- pale pink pearl, looks ok at best but barely 1/4 full- metallic dark pink, as above- metallic red, as above- multi color, looks kinda terrible and is virtually empty- pale yellow, looks ugh and is under 1/4 full- pale turquoise, as above- turquoise, looks ok but under 1/4 fullAll in all this was a waste of time and money, I think I would rather pay a little more and receive a product I can use."
"I use this product every day after my shower.  SO far it has had a wonderful effect on my skin.  Moisturizing and clean feeling, I really love Dove Men+Care products.It is a light formula, so you do not feel greasy.  The lightness also carries into the smell, which is light and masculine.I feel like my skin has gotten better with regular use.  My skin is not dry or greasy.  It is actually getting less sensitive, or so it feels.I highly recommend this product for men looking for a great daily moisturizer."
It's my second eye cream and I love it. The texture is thick and the smell... you have to get used to though works really well. I'm still in my 20s and bought this for my dark and puffy eye circles.
I love this product it is a great way to keep the face looking shiny and young. I love it!
"I was so hopeful about this product since I like many Eminence products. The product removes makeup well. However, it is too soapy for me and suds up a bit. I do not like the smell, it reminds me of the white shoe polish I used on my moccasins back in '86. It also stings my eyes, I will not purchase again. For now I will remove my eye makeup with a product I love, Vichy Purete Thermale 3 in 1 Calming Cleansing Solution, then use the Eminence to remove the makeup on the rest of my face. I do like the dispenser."
"I used it for several times on my stomach, but it hurts my skin even with body wash on. Maybe I have use it a little longer but I can't stand the pain so it's my daughter's toy now."
"I have very fair skin- This product worked great on my legs, it was very subtle though I like my self tanner a little darker- It was easy to apply and wash off - And dried fast. No irritation at all. I tried on my arms but the inside of my arms, even with letting it dry for over 30 min hardly moving came off faster-Over all a great self tanner- Other brands have worked better for me but this worked nice on my legs"
"Its true, you get what you pay for. This is not the original beaut blender. Its tough and hard, so you pound your foundation into your face...its less then pleasant, but it was cheap so it didn't hurt to try and see :) At least I'm not out anything. :)"
"Yes, it blurs. But my face felt and looked like I was a Madame Tussaud wax figure. I don't usually wear anything but moisturizer so maybe that's why."
"I bought this product despite the reviews because it was cheap and I wanted to try dry shampoo. I also bought the Dove dry shampoo at the same time.Good: not an overwhelming but pleasant odor. The texture of my hair was if I sprayed light hair spray on it. Got rid of all grease. Gave my hair body.Bad: I have medium brown hair. I followed the directions and sprayed my hair approx 8 inches away. I used very little and went on my hair white. I brushed it as recommended but it did not go away. It made my hair look white/gray and I was so embarrassed I had to wash it. I would not recommend this to anyone with dark hair. I am terribly disappointed, but for about $3 I guess I should have expected it.The Dove dry shampoo works much better and it's just a few dollars more."
"I have my share of spots and acne scars, and am on the lookout for a little help in fading those. I've tried pricier products, and the only thing that faded from those was my cash flow. This isn't bad, in the $20 range, and using it for a couple of weeks, I already see a bit of fading and more even skin tone. I'm very happy with the product, and also like the texture (not too greasy, but just like a nice moisturizer) and that it's not really scented. I look forward to seeing how my skin looks in two, four, six weeks down the road. I definitely plan to buy more once I run out."
"This product works well for me in terms of hold but it makes your hair look dirty and dry all day and a bit gross overall.Also, the scent is a bit too perfume like and too strong as well."
"This works much better than I expected.  My husband has thinning hair right on the crown of his head.  I sprinkled some of the powder on his shining scalp and well, first off, we noticed the color was all wrong.  He really needed maybe the grey and blonde mixed, because his hair is blonde turning grey, so it looked like he had a sunny shiny spot on the back of his head.  If he really cared about his balding head, I would get both kinds and put the grey on last, and I think it would work better.The color is just so monochromatic that it doesn't look as natural as I wish it did.  It is a fairly pale, rather neutral blonde.It does the job of covering though!  It didn't take much.  The container looks rather small but it only took a few shakes to cover him, so there's several applications in the container.  He has just a bit of hair in that area, but it covered it well so his scalp no longer showed.  They stuck too.  It says to use hairspray but he wouldn't let me do that to him, but it's been several hours at work, with a ball cap on and off, and I still can't see his scalp.I'd say if you are concerned about hair loss, definitely give these a try, especially if your hair is fairly evenly shaded.  If not, it might be worth it to you to try to blend 2 shades."
Needs to have the hair spaced out more. I don't know why they insist over putting the hair so tight. You can easily see the band.
"A classmate had originally given me a set for free.  I love that they have a variety of sizes to fit big, medium, and the smallest brushes (eyeliner and brow brushes).  They are also stiff so it sits up nicely in a cup or I slant it on a towel when I dry my brushes.  Aside from the free set I got, I also purchased one with only small sized brushed guards because I have a lot of eyeshadow brushes, as well as a multi-sized set.  I also bought the cleaning kit which came with more brush guards!! I would highly recommend it for anyone who has a lot or a few makeup brushes."
"The product arrived very quickly and neatly packaged. I found it worked mostly on bags around the eyes. I loved the smell and this serum is not sticky to the touch. Great customer service!God bless,K.M."
"Great service. Arrived early. Looks great. Hearts come in gold and silver and in small ziplock bags? Overall great,for the price."
"I may be in the minority on this one, but here's my experience.I am trying to go the route of natural or organic products and loved the idea of this one.Unfortunately, it didn't work well for me.It irritated my face so that it turned red, felt itchy, and looked greasy.I couldn't wait until night to wash the stuff off, which I'm pretty sure is not the intent of any day moisturizer.It smells, in my opinion, like old lady perfume.  It's too fragrant and is a bit obnoxious.The fragrance hung around me all day.Manufacturer:  You have a great idea, but please tweak some of your ingredients.  Please cut down on the perfume and, if possible, please cut out the inflammatory ingredients.  I will then try your product again.Hope this is helpful."
"I have used Banana Boat products for years.  I have always enjoyed the reasonable prices and reliable performance of their sunscreens.  So, I was pretty happy to see an aerosol spray version of their product hit my doorstep.Since I cannot give this product zero stars, I guess I can justify its single star with this:  the twisting spray-top.  Instead of having to use a cap to keep the bottle covered (and to avoid accidental discharges of product), you merely twist the top of the bottle when you're done using it to seal it off.  A nice touch.That said, my experience with this product a couple weekends ago was pretty awful.  My two friends and I went out by the pool for a day and all three of us used this spray to protect ourselves from the sun.  The day passed and we were fine - no sunburn.However, the next morning I looked in the mirror and noticed that my chest and shoulders were all red...huh.  No pain, but definitely bright red.  I thought it was a painless sunburn or something.  The redness faded after two days.  My other buddy, however, had a much worse reaction.  His skin was bright red and insanely itchy.  The itchiness started to fade after a couple days, but the redness took awhile to dissipate.  In fact, as of this writing, it's still a little red.I will not use this Banana Boat product again.  What the heck did they put into it?"
"Vaseline Sheer Infusion Body, botanical blend lotion hydrates your skin without that oily feeling you get from most other lotions.  That is one of the key to a good lotion.  The scent is great, and your skin is left soft and smooth.  This product is recommended for those who want to keep their skin hydrated and feeling smooth."
"This blowdryer was pricey, but worth every penny.  I have short to medium length, thin, fine hair (some wavy, some straight).  This blowdryer has all the settings I need and actually makes my hair kind of shiny.  I have used several other drugstore/big box brands and won't be turning back anytime soon.  I hate blowdrying my hair everyday, but I have no choice...this blowdryer has not dried out my hair like several other brands have.  It's super light, so you don't have to worry if you have CT.  The cord is also a wonderful length so I can go anywhere in my bathroom (even when the hubby is trying to get ready too). I HIGHLY recommend this."
Out of all the gelish colors I have purchased this one is by far the most disappointing. It is more of a dull bronze and nothing at all like a vibrant orange like I was looking for. Overall a boring color.
The item arrived on time an in great condition. I have a couple of sun spots on my face and I was hoping that this product would do the trick to lighten them. I have been disappointed with the product because it as done nothing to get rid of the spots or to even lighten them in the least.  I used the product for over 4 months without noticing any difference in the appearance of the spots on my face. In fact this product is harsh and there were a few times that my skin felt as if it were on fire and I had to wash it off.
This does not work at all. I tried to give it to friends and they did not use it either. The plastic flips out and it won't hold thick hair.
Just came today not the same colors as the picture but I guess that's fine I got 4 different green and 2 purple pretty much the same looking colors can't really good tell them apart except the blue white and pink everything else looks pretty much the same but it is glitter dust.
"I LOVE Seche Vite Dry Fast Top Coat!! I use this every time I paint my nails. It's truly a MUST HAVE for me. I use OPI's Nail Envy as a basecoat, then OPI nail polish, and top it off with Seche Vite Dry Fast. My nails are completely dry in just a few short minutes. (Hint: use the top coat while your polish is still slightly wet, it works best this way) After my son was born I did not paint my nails because they never dried before I had to pick him up, change a diaper, etc. So I always smudged my nails just after spending all that time making them pretty. Now with Seche Vite Dry Fast Top Coat my nails are dry super fast. My only complaint is that the polish seems to thicken in the bottle fairly quickly. I have only had this bottle for a couple months, and it's already becoming gooey and thick. But it works so well, that I'll just buy another bottle. I highly recommend this for busy moms!!"
"My lashes are pretty flat, and curling them is hassle, with results not lasting very much. That said, this iz by far the worst eyelash curler I have, as of yet, tried. I held the darn thing in place for two minutes, and in less than fifteen second the half of my lashes that did curl (or rather crimp) was flat again. Guess it's off to the trash with it. ~$7 down the toilet.Long story short: THIS PRODUCT SUCKS!!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!!!"
it pretty color but love other color in brand true to color planning to buy other colors dry quickly good price
"The soap works fine in that it does not dry your skin however I do not like this lavender scent at all.  It smells too sweet, almost like honey in my opinion, and the scent is too strong.  Works in your favor if you actually like the smell, but this is just not for me."
"This flat iron works well on fine hair and has an adjustable heat setting.  No complaints, just wish it had an automatic off in case you rush out the door and leave the iron plugged in."
"This is a great hair dryer.  Before getting this one, I had always used the cheap Conair dryers, figuring that it didn't really matter. I don't think that this dryer has changed my life or anything, but it does dry my hair faster than the other dryers I've used, and my hair seems much smoother when I use it.  I have very fine, naturally wave hair that I flat-iron, and I need much less time with the flat-iron than I did before, so it's been a real time-saver.  I have been most impressed by the fact that my hair seems to stay straight longer when I use this dryer.  Before, my hair would start getting wavy/kinky by the end of the day, and I had some crazy morning hair!  Now, my hair looks pretty straight even after sleeping on it iall night.  The only things about it that I don't like about this dryer is that is is a little bit heavy (though I've gotten used to that), and that the switches are a little bit difficult to operate - they are flat and slide, and don't slide very easily, so you sometimes have to struggle a little bit.  Overall though, this is a great hair dryer!"
I love these.  The only problem is that the smallest one breaks easily. I didn't care for them we'll I guess.
"Love this stuff.  Thierry Mugler by far makes my favorite winter colognes.  I have about 4 bottles of this, 4 of Pure Havane, 2 of Pure Malt, and 1 of every other Thierry Mugler cologne.  This is a great date scent or a scent for the bar.  This however needs to be used sparingly, no more than 4 sprays generally limited to 3 unless I'm going to a club.  Also never use this in the summer, way too sweet and strong for hot weather but when it comes to cold weather not much can beat it."
"I really like the IBD products because they are good quality, great price, and the bottles are much larger than their more expensive counterparts.But after using this basecoat, my daughter and I both discovered that the polish started peeling off after about 5 days.  My daughter used it first and I thought she just had ""oily nails"", but when I finally used it, the same thing happened.  The top coat and polish are okay because I'd used them many times; it's just the basecoat."
"it took awhile for me to write this review because i wanted to give it a fair amount of time to work but it doesnt workProsits not really greasy(well it is when you first put it on but then it drys up)its a dry oil that means oil isnt running all down you neck and faceits really good for sealing the ends of you hairConsit says its suppose to hydrate your hair and scalp, it hydrates my hair but my scalp is dry or rather yet it makes my hair look hydrated.it dosent make your hair softer. ive use this on flat ironed hair and unflat ironed hair and both times my hair was hard or dry feelingmost of motions products really suck for me atleast there's only a couple that are really good and this is not one of them i thought since this was marula oil and everybody was talking about how good it was i figured this would be good to...its not, save your money"
The bristles are soft but very sturdy.  Great quality and coverage for face.  Having fun playing around with the different angles on brushes.  Very much worth their price.
Always a good choice. This mascara is a bargain for its quality! I have been using it for a while and have no complains at all!
"I was really excited for this because I use a lot of full nail designs that don't fit my nails the greatest (like the 1st set of bundle monster plates) and I saw a tutorial on how to use this product so I bought it feeling very confident! I was totally let down, like I considered throwing it in the garbage after I tried to use it a few times. I do not know how the person who did the tutorial got her stamp to stay in place! It's a great concept, I love how its soft and conforms to your nails rather than being a hard surface and having to roll it like a konad stamper. But the product itself has a poorly executed design. I know the white surface is supposed to pop out for cleaning but this was horrible, I couldn't get it to stay in no matter how much I pushed it back in it kept popping out when I tried to do my nails, I ended up taking it out and trying to use just the rubber without the holder which was too difficult, and I EVEN TRIED SUPER GLUING IT IN AND IT STILL POPPED OUT! It's a major pain to clean it with tape all the time and it picks up tons of fuzzies and what not and the tape pulled it back out all the time, and its really hard to use the images are hard to stamp. I wish I wouldn't have wasted my money on this product. That and I just found one at Claire's that is a better value (the stampers come in a kit with 3 plates and a mini special polish for $10 even less if you take advantage of there constant cosmetic ""multiples"" deals) and there's doesn't pop out like this one does I will still have the fuzzy problem but that's one thing less I have to deal with. If I buy more (like as gifts, or to have one to leave at my boyfriends house) I will stick with the Claire's version."
"This product gave me skin allergy,i started to develop a lot of pimples on my fave so I had to discontinue to use this cream."
"In some ways, I love this stuff!  It's so easy to apply, covers well, and stays where you put it with no dripping or running.  Being able to do a whole-head application each time without worrying about darkening ends is great, if it only worked.  It does just fine covering my gray  - no problem at all with this.However, the first time I used it (and found the color rather dark), it had faded enough two weeks later to need a new application sooner than usual.  Even though I ignored this and waited another two weeks, the second time I applied it (and I use the ""light chestnut brown), the result was a very, very dark and rather lifeless brown.  My hair looks awful.  Much as I like the application process, I badly need some Color Oops and will never use this product again.  (Hate the result so much I'm throwing out an unused box.)"
"Worth every penny an more. In combination with diet, a few other products I use, light therapy and supplements I take I can say it must do something because I was not blessed with youthful or nice skin, quiet the opposite. As a 45 yr old I had suddenly aged 5 years ago! So I did research, tried things and this is one of them that has stuck. I've used it for 4 years now. A little dab goes a long way. I get about 2+ months out of a bottle, and I use it on my neck as well. It's very light, not to heavy or greasy and doesn't make my acne prone skin break out. This has reduced age spots (darker patches) an fine lines, even helped reduce some heavier ones. Skin feels fresh an clean yet when applied. So Light I even use the moisturizer over it, but don't need to unless wearing makeup. It's come down ALOT in price since I first started using it 5 years ago so I stock up (I may just use it everywhere! LOL). P.S. I started using AminoGenesis as one of the first things I did in my regime an added the others. I stopped using this looking for something less expensive, but came back to it. And as luck will have it the price has dropped thank goodness."
This has to be one of the best Mascara's I've ever used.  I have short stubby eyelashes and really like thick and long my lashes look.  It goes on very smoothly if you take the excess off before applying.  I am happy to have a mascara that makes my eyes look like I was born with long lashes!  I will keep buying L'Oreal Paris Voluminous Original Mascara.
"I don't know if the other reviewers received a different product than I did or what, but these things do not stick AT ALL. They are really stiff, the top doesn't stick to the finger (even after washing hands to remove lotion, oil, etc.), and the bottom doesn't sick to itself. These are useless garbage. I tried everything to make these work with no luck. I finally bit the bullet and bought EZ Flow nail forms, which I have heard good things about but have yet to try. Do not- I repeat DO NOT believe the glowing reviews or buy these. Complete and utter rubbish."
"Fabulous hair product, this oil completely saved my hair and changed my life !My hair was in such a  poor state after years of dying and heat damage and this oil has bought it back to life,it's a miracle worker!I use it every time I wash my hair! It is quite expensive but for me it is worth it, will defiantly be repurchasing it!overall ....Makes my hair feel more nourished, intensified my hair color, only a small amount of the product is needed...."
"the smell is overwhelming. I put it on at night and it was horrible smelling.It smells exactly like the lipoic acid capsules but alot stronger. that smell did not fade away as i hoped it would and i kept smelling my face ..yucky stinky smelling cream. I did not know it contained this and worse than the smell it stung my face as i had been using a retinol product a few times a week. It also was not very moisturising. It kind of made my face feel dry, not moisturised. I usually use neutrogena light night cream and love how moisturising and gentle it is but wanted to switch to a natural product, but i think just plain olive oil is gonna have to do from now on as i cannot use this stuff. I would not advise using it if you alternativley use any type of retinol or glycolic products, or vitamin c type creams. and definitly stay away from this stuff if you have a sun or wind burn as the lipoic acid ingredient will sting your face."
"I like to wear this over white!. it rally looks cool, but you can also use 2 layers over a unpolished nail for the NON crackle look. Just add a clear coat and great look."
"My husband got this product for me and I wasn't sure about the 'shimmer' it was supposed to have.  I thought it would be too glittery and come off on cloths and such but it actually was pretty subtle.  It has a nice cocoa butter like smell, and lathers well, but I did not find it very moisturizing for a product labeled 'deep moisture'."
"I must preface this by saying that I am very sensitive to products and develop allergies easily; that said, I had a horrible reaction to this product.  I'm not sure what it was, but after using it once I felt bothered by the powdery smell and developed a headache.  I wasn't sure it was the conditioner or not sure I used it again, and after the second use the headache came on strong and very quick, I felt nauseous and my airway began to close.  I had to wash it out many times in a row to get the smell out and stop the reaction.I gave it to a friend with a caution about my reaction, and she was able to use it just fine so I'm sure the vast majority of people will have no problem with this.  It did condition well and didn't leave my hair sticky, so it is a solid conditioner... just not one I can be around."
"I love this lotion, I love all tingles, the hotter the better, this one did tingle my face a bit but I didn't feel a thing on my body but when I got out I was very dark with a little bit of a pink tone, I already have a DARK tan but this took it up a level, the smell is amazing its like a fruity tropical smell and it doesn't have any ato, wish it was way hotter but I knew it wouldn't be, but the color is so great I will alternate with my others, I would recommend this to everyone, also great price"
"This does not work like this other serum I purchased. Noticed no difference or improvement in my face skin. but instead of tossing in the trash, I found out it work good on hands."
I've gone through so many of these. I'd be sad if they stopped producing this body wash. I love the scent. It makes my skin nice and smooth and I wash my hair with it too sometimes. Great all-around body wash! I mainly got it for the orange scent (I love oranges) but it cleans well and feels good too!
"thich acrylic powder dries lumpy no matter how its done or who does it!!! & it only comes with enough to do your nails like twice... i recomend buying it from sallys beauty supply, its like four times as much and only twice the price. (:"
This wrap has changed the way I deep condition.  I enjoy the freedom that this wireless :-) cap allows me to move around while applying heat to my scalpe.  BE CAREFUL not to overheat the plastic inserts.  I think I almost burned my scaple.  I had to let it cool down then put it on.  Awesome.....
"I've tried many different eyeliners but I always come back to this one. It is very easy to sharpen, the black is very saturated, I love the attached smudger, and the price is very affordable!"
"It does a decent job at detangling my children's hair, but it leaves the dry hair so greasy, weighted down and stringy that you have to re wash the hair twice to get it back to normal."
"It works great, but 90% alcohol you get from a drug store works just as great.  It's so great to be able to do your own nail.  I have been doing my own and friends' for the last few months."
"I needed to get a new hairdryer and I saw two Remington's that caught my attention. I ordered both because I wanted to review and compare the two together since they looked similar but one is almost twice the price of the other. I was intrigued as to what makes one pricier than the other.I got theRemington Ac9096 Silk Ceramic Ionic AC Professional Hair Dryerand theRemington D3020 Volume and Shine Hair Dryer.The Remington with the Silk Ceramic Ionic features is priced around $40 and the Remington Volume and Shine Dryer is priced around $25. They look similar in the design, shape and color. Even the controls are almost the same.Both dryers have:1875 watts3 heat settings2 speed settingsCool ShotDiffuser attachmentConcentrator attachment90% more ions for volume and shineThe Remington with Silk Ceramic Ionic technology has a couple more features than the Remington D3020 Volume and Shine Hair Dryer. The dryer with the Silk Ceramic Ionic technology has just that, the ceramic with silk proteins for the purpose of leaving hair smoother and less frizzy. It also has AC motor that is suppose to be a salon professional motor that gives 50% faster styling and 3x longer life of the motor. It does have a 4 year limited warranty whereas the Remington Volume and Shine Dryer has a 2 year limited warranty.I used both several times to get a feel of the dryer and to which one that I liked personally. I also did a small test myself to determine which one would dry my hair faster and leave it looking better. I towel dried my hair, which is long, thick and coarse. I parted my hair completely in two, pulling apart the two sides. I used a stopwatch and timed myself blow drying my hair dry. I used one dryer on one side and the other dryer on the other side.The results:Both dryers dried my hair in the same amount of time. Both sides of my hair looked exactly the same. The pricier dryer didn't dry my hair faster or make it look any fuller or smoother.To me, the biggest difference was the feel of the dryers. The Remington with Silk Ceramic Technology is a much heavier dryer. The ceramic technology and the heavier motor make the dryer heavier. The Remington Volume and Shine is a very light dryer. I actually prefer the heavier dryer. It just has a nice, comfortable feel in my hand. The lighter Volume and Shine feels cheap to me. It's just a personal preference because some people may like the feel of the lighter one.For me, the performance is the same between the two."
"I loved them the first time I tried them, the quality is great and my nails look beautiful, I bought the Konad  stamper.This is the first time I do my own nails and I am amazed about how easy is to do it. No more salon for me."
"To be honest here, if you use their face moisturizer for around the eyes it works great. This eye cream does not do a thing!"
I don't think that there is a great deal of differece in heated rollers. I've been using them forever. These are really nice. Light. Get plenty hot. Slide in easily. Good clasps. The ion thing may be a real thing... my hair is silky.
"I have used a variety of blotting papers for a few years now. Usually I use the Clean n Clear, but these were less expensive. you get what you pay for. You need 2 of these [larger] sheets to accomplish what one sheet of the clean n clear. Cheap feeling,the texture is that of a paper toilet seat cover. this product just isn't very good, sorry. I usually cut the sheet into 2 pieces to make them last longer, I wish I had examined these carefully before cutting, or I would return them.My bad."
"I'm in my early 40's and have started to get laugh lines (not so funny), and I tried these. They actually feel really hard after applied to y face, and don't hold as well as they should. In the morning, it kind of hurts to pull them off. I went back to my mom's method of using the clear bandaid tape."
"My lashes are fairly long, already, but not very noticable.  I used this stuff regularly for about two weeks.  I did notice a little more length to my lashes, almost right away.  It's easy to apply.  Just swipe across the base of your lashes, like you're applying eye-liner.  I would apply it nightly, after washing my face, before bed.  I stopped using it, though, because it started to make my eyes burn.Edit:I decided to give it another try.  I haven't had any trouble with burning since then.  I try to use it daily but I'm sometimes too tired.  It does seem like my lashes are longer but not much more noticable/darker.  When I wear mascara, however, they look insanely long.  (I've been using L'oreal Double Extend mascara.)"
this was very cute I want to give it away to a little girl but I just can't bear to give it up
Again! Maybelline is the Best! Love it that it has a little bit of sparkle!! makes my face glow! and looks more fresh like.
I love this soap!  It really makes your skin feel clean in addition to the whitening. Great price.  Just great all over.
"I had high hopes for this product due to all the great reviews but was only left disappointed. When i used this product, it made my hair come out in big clumps whenever I washed or brushed my hair which never happens! I have very thick, long hair and was very surprised when I saw clumps of it coming out whenever I used this product. Once I stopped, so did the hair loss. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!"
"I'm on a quest to not wash my hair everyday, so this was a great find for those in between days that you want your hair to smell good."
I love it. it puts my makeup on very nice and smooth. I use it for my concelear and foundation.
Looks as described.
"I have used a lot of ""high end"" full of ugly chemicals creams and serums and finally decided to check EWG for more natural organic line... After a few misshaps I came acroos Sweetsation Therapy and now I am absolutely hooked.  My skin never looked better after only using these products for under a month.  It's simpy amazing!! Not only they feel good but also great for your skin.  Everything from this line is amazing!!  Can't wait to order their new organic eye cream :)!!"
"ugly and is not worth the price, This thing should cost $5 max..i will keep it around and give it to someone as Christmas gift"
"I can't tell if this is a fake or not, as I haven't smelled it at the store. I can say it doesn't smell like peaches and cream to me, or any of the notes listed on some of the perfume web sites. It smells kinda cheap and has that phony burnt-popcorn aroma that a lot of cheap perfumes have. It also had no staying power (not that I'd want it to..) for an EDP. I dunno. The box was lovely, bottle was clearly real, and no signs of tampering. Could be real. I don't like it, though :("
"Bought a stamp plate set and needed a case to help hold them together.  This little wanna-be leather case is pretty sturdy and durable so far.  Held all the plates and you can actually fit 2 plates per but I'd be careful with that since you don't want to scratch them up.  That's why you're getting the case in the first place, right?  Overall a good purchase that I would make again if this one ever did fail.  But I don't see that happening so this is also a great one time purchase!"
"These are awkward, but they're supposed to be. They stretch my foot as described, and they are starting to straighten my toes, twisted in an old injury."
I couldn't wait to try it out and applied some on my facial skin to see how it felt. It absorbed instantly and my skin felt smooth immediately! There was no bad after effects or stickiness to it at all which I really liked also.Since I've been using the Day by Day Hyaluronic Acid I've noticed that my skin feels firmer and even plumper. I really love the results from using this product! With continued use I hope to minimize the appearance of some of my fine lines.
"First of all the smell is intoxicating. I adore it, it is citrus and refreshing scent. I also like that they product is made from natural ingredients and not harsh chemicals. It is also easy to apply the dropper applicator is brilliant. It quickly absorbs into the skin and is not greasy at oil. You do not feel it at all which I like in a serum I do not like feeling layers of goop on my face because I also apply moisturizer and at times makeup. You do not need to use a lot of product so the bottle will last awhile. My skin looks healthier and the little lines around my eyes are pretty much gone.  I am going to to try it on my scar I have on my finger, I know it'snot the purpose of the product but I am curious to see if it helps. Good value for the quality product very much worth the money."
I like JLO but this fragrance is just discusting. I hate it. One of the worst smelling perfumes of the century. I would not spend one cent on this. I collect perfumes and have huge variety. I can tell you this is one of the worst if not the worst I have ever smelled. LIVE smells much better.
"I was so hopeful about these. I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly (and cheaper!) So I was excited to try them. But it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I don't want to get into vivid details. But basically, I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal. Not to mention it's not at all convenient. I do not want to leave it in for too long, because if I do, I know it's not absorbing any fluid, so I worry about leakage, or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out. GROSS! Also, the thing itself is absolutely huge. I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies. I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods. Sorry, but I've got to switch back."
"I really like the look of the gel polish.  It is very easy to do at home and quick, too.  Durability was OK.I have never had a professional gel nail application so I can't compare it to a gel done at a nail salon."
"its a good primer,, its not at all oily,, the bottle is pretty too.. it does its job really well,, happy with the elf products and my purchase.. thank you :)"
"Apparently several customers (myself included) have received either fake or expired BB cream from these two sources. I have tried this brand when purchased by a friend (not sure where she got it) and it was a nice BB cream. Since the product had mostly good reviews on amazon I decided it would be fine to try purchasing it from here. Absolutely wrong.  The product itself is good, but it seems very hit or miss on amazon or the missha website. Look elsewhere for your Korean BB creams."
"I used to LOVE this cream it was PERFECT then they changed it to ""get the NSF rating"" and it's now terrible it BURNS my face TURNS IT BRIGHT RED and burns SO BAD.  Now it has sodium benzoate in it. It's so stupid to add sodium benzoate to a product with Vitamin C in the name. Sodium benzoate PLUS ascorbic acid (vitamin C) forms benzene, a known carcinogen. It doesn't spread well or even absorb at all anymore it leaves your face clown white right before it turns bright red, Im not sure how this has a NFS rating when it seems to have much more chemicals now, it smells less like oranges and more like chemicals and it burns your skin. I can't understand why a company would take a perfect cream, that worked so well and totally 100% ruin it. I makes me mad. Why can't they leave well enough alone. Not only will I not buy this cream again, I'm sworn off of avalon organics 100% until they bring the old formula back. It took me YEARS of trying creams to find one I really loved and stuck with and now I have to start all over again. I don't take this lightly."
"There was a time when I would have never considered being without a Zeno, but after years of purchasing it, I find that most of what I try to treat just won't go away (and I am following the recommendations on the package directions for what to treat).  It just doesn't even work-- so that is $15 I will not be spending again."
I've been using this and it works for me to stop places on my face from drying out.  This was the second time I've bought this product.
"I just dunno! I saw a difference initially, like in the first week, but now, it's been about 3 weeks it's basically the same. No change in my face what so ever. I don't have in realistic expectations, I have freckles and some spots from the sun, I have a few fine lines on my forehead, I'm 30 and honestly look 25 or 26. I also use the Ageless intensives tone correcting, and I like that better than this. I really don't think it did anything for my skin, at least may not yet anyway. I am looking for a night cream to compliment it, but I don't think this is it, I don't think I'll buy this again at the price that is stated.UPDATE: After using this for about a month and a half now I can not only see the difference but feel it. My pores are itty bitty, my skin feels great and the color is uniform no red acne scars no weird blotches, just the usual freckles. I think i will keep using this, I will keep buying."
"I haven't wore this nail color yet, but I painted one nail and the color is so amazing. Its the perfect summer time or spring color. The purple is just a tad bit lighter than the pic idk if its because I used just one coat, but Im sure w two you will get the color in the picture."
"When I first came across this machine 3 months ago, I thought to myself Wow this is a pretty neat concept, let me give it a shot. It was on sale at CVS Pharmacy for 6 dollars, so it was a pretty cheap buy. At first I was skeptical about it, because products similar to this usually costs 5 times more. So I got home and set it up. I will write in steps on how to set it up so just incase any of you are having trouble, you can easily follow these steps.Set-up Instructions:1) Peel the sticker off on top of the soap bottle2) Then gently enter the Soap bottle into the dispenser and put pressure on it until you hear a click noise.3) Pull the red material out from the bottom of the dispenser, this will lead to batteries now powering the machine.4) Now place the dispenser wherever you wish, and then slide the button in the back to the right to turn on the machine.5) Keep putting your hand next to the sensor, because it is going to take 3-4 tries until the soap starts to come out.Now that it is activated, your good to go.Now on to the product review. I am going to be setting it up in 3 categories and give it a overall grade so you can decide if this product is for you.Functions - I've had this product for about 3 months now. It hasn't given me any problems. When you put your hand next to the sensor, it releases soap just the right amount. If you had to compare to how much soap is dispensed each time, I would say about the size of a quarter on your palms so it is not a lot. Overall this product does what it is advertised to do and I have not gotten any problems or malfunctions.Body (design & durability) - The design of the soap dispenser is pretty simple. It is made of plastic and is shaped so the lysol refills fits perfectly. It isn't very durable and the body is pretty cheaply made, but then again let's not forget this is a 7 dollar soap dispenser. My mom was cleaning the bathroom and dropped this on the floor by mistake, although it still works fine there is a huge crack on the side of the dispenser now. Let's take into consideration the fall was probably about 2 feet, so it wasn't a far drop at all. Overall, the design is pleasant to look at, but durability isn't that good.Soap - This dispenser has many different refills you can by that offers different scents. You might be wondering why does it matter? Well, these refills are actually very highly scented. When you use the soap to wash your hands, the aroma of the soap stays behind for couple of hours. The refills are very high quality and the smells are very pleasant. Some people complain that the refills are very expensive but hey, at the end of the day these refills only cost around 4 dollars at your local drugstores and lasts about 2 months. I cannot speak for others but to me spending 4 dollars on soap every two months is a very good deal.Overall, this product is a good buy and at your local CVS Pharmacy these can go as low as 6 dollars on sale. Keep in mind that now Lysol is selling the dispensers with free refills, so you can buy both for around 8 dollars at your local drugstores if not on sale. Honestly, being realistic for such a cheap price, these things perform great and if you don't abuse the sensor and use the product casually such as 4-5 times a day, these thing can last pretty long, and for the price I would say that it is a great deal.ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If you feel as if the refills are too expensive, you can always take the top off the empty soap bottle using a screwdiver (takes a bit of effort) and fill it with whatever soap you may want to use.Let me know if my review helped making your decision easier! and for anyone who might me having glitches or malfunctions with your device, write to me and I will give you some tips on how to fix them. Thank you so much for reading my review!"
"I collect several rose and rose blend perfume. Pacifica is a proprietary blend that does smell &#34;rose&#34; enough.  My friends would answer rose if I ask them what perfume I'm wearing.If you put Pacifica side by side comparison with pure rose one, you would notice a difference. When it's own no one can tell. So, if you love and use rose perfume a lot like me, very cost efficient.Therefore the price of this tin can version is very very reasonable. Check out at Whole Foods, it's priced at 7.99 (in NYC).When you wear this right after the shower (I do front and back of neck area), first note (it's not like a real layered perfume, though) lasts for a couple of hours.  It will faint over the time, but it lasted a slight scent about 8 hours.If you want to keep it smell some strength, you may keep adding like every couple of hours.Like every other reviewers, it is convenient to carry around.Overall, great buy for the quality and lasting performance!FYI, a solid perfume is, in general to last longer than a spray version."
i love that there are three sizes for this hair tool. don't settle with a boring ponytail. perfect office hair
"I started using RoC products to help control my acne.  It really does help the (retinol that is).  You have to be careful when you first start using this product... it can be very drying to your skin and cause redness.  I recommend using it every 3rd day for a couple weeks, then every other day, then everyday.  I did have some redness at first - but now my skin has no issue.  It has taken my acne down from all the time to just a seldom bump.  Not sure about wrinkles - I'm only 28, so I don't have too many yet!"
"I was a little disappointed when I saw that the ingredients were some kind of fancy, distilled, de-atomized water thingy, and rose oil. From what I know, real rose water is just crushed rose petals, so if that is something you need, don't get this.I used this to mix some crazy volcanic clay into a face mask so for me, I didn't crush me that this was not true rose water taht was crushed by a unicorn in eden. It smells nice and there's lots of it so that now I can do multiple facials and not worry that it costs an arm and a leg. I'd buy it again."
"The first thing I noticed about this night moisturizing cream is that it has a nice citrusy smell.  The second thing I noticed is that it spreads like Elmer's glue but without the tackiness.  However, in the morning my face feels incredibly smooth and supple and highly moisturized.Although I have not yet used this for 8 weeks, the package claims results showed it reduces the appearance of crow's feet and wrinkles around the eye area. I do not doubt it based on the results I have experienced so far.  I definitely would have loved this cream only if the feel of spreading it wasn't such a turn off to me. However, I might overlook that and purchase this in the future because the price is reasonable and results are desirable."
"I have had the 1 inch curling wand and recently just got the large barrel. I LOVE these curlers! I always got clamp marks from traditional curling irons, but not with these! This iron gets really hot, which I love and i can curl my hair much more quickly than with traditional irons. This gives me great curls that last for days!!! It does take a little but of learning to figure out which hands to use and how to wrap your hair and it is a little more difficult to fit all of you hair on the small barrel iron if you have really long hair like I do, but I still love these curlers! Be patient with it, it's worth it!!"
"Older age, less hair, dry skin, and annoying dandruff flakes on dark clothing. Ptui. I've had difficulty finding effective dandruff control in a shampoo that I actually like. This product comes the closest and actually works. Recommended for use one to two times per week, I do just that along with Dove Men+Care Sensitive Scalp Fortifying 2 in 1, which has tea tree extract instead of pyrithione zinc. Tea tree extract is supposed to work well for dandruff, but alone doesn't do the job for me. Pyrithione zinc works nicely but then shouldn't be used every day. So one bottle of each is a good addition to the shower for those with similar experiences in the hair department.This shampoo has a medicated-shampoo odor. It's not particularly strong or offensive, and is not noticeable at all after the shower. The shampoo foams well and your hair will feel clean afterward. I noticed dandruff decreased within a week and was gone by week 2. Nice results. This particular shampoo does not include conditioning agents, though the tea tree containing variety does. I don't notice any problems with the lack of conditioning and don't use any other product after the anti-dandruff shampoo so as not to wash away the medication component. No problems there.Overall, a successful product which does precisely what it says it will do."
"Used it two times and a huge blind pimple, I never break out , so going back, plus my skin looks shiny"
"The first day I used this in 70-80+ degree weather with bright sun I came back browner just like I used no sunblock at all. And today the 2nd day of a really bright hot day I'm even more darker, really dark, just like I didnt use any sunblock again. And I put on A LOT. Since it didnt work the first time I used it. And that's just from riding inside a car with tinted back windows most of the day. It's not working at all. Plus it goes on so thick and pastey white that I have to wipe my arms off some first and then try and get it off my palms.Im now looking for non natural sunscreen or atleast a stronger higher SPF. 50-80+ SPF"
"Great color, great texture,  but it does feather a bit. Try Maybelline's 14 hour lipstick underneath to prevent this from happening; or, if you don't have that issue, just enjoy its velvety, moisturizing qualities."
"I really wanted a dark red.  I specifically did NOT want a red that was actually purple.  And that's exactly what this is.  It's like a plum.  I don't hate it because this color is in right now, it's just not what I wanted, which was a dark red color."
I have purchased irons for about $200 and they were not nearly as great as this one. I love that it has an off/on button and that you can control the heat.  It's well worth it!
It looks like hardened Vasoline coming from the tube.  It smells like perfumed Vasoline.  It is very thick and greasy.
This sun block is highly recommended by EWG as safe.  It is very thick and does not blend it easily.  I found another that is just as effective and safe and goes on smoother because it contains olive oil.
"Suave is one of the cheaper shampoos out there.  But hey, they usually smell good and they're good in a pinch.  Especially considering that a bottle lasts awhile.Tropical Coconut smells good.  It's sweet and definitely smells of coconut.  I guess the tropical comes from the fact that it is coconut, because I don't sense any other ""flavors"" in this mix.  No pineapple or anything.  And it clings to your hair, so hours after taking your shower, you can still smell the coconut.  So it is a bit strong.The effects on hair are debatable.  It does get it clean.  But it also dries hair out a little bit and I've been noticing quite a few more split ends than normal.  And since this shampoo lasted me two and a half months (being used on hair that's to the middle of my back) that's a long time to be torturing your hair.  But I hate wasting stuff so I stuck it through.  I also noticed that my hair wasn't quite as shiny and healthy looking as it used to be (although I cannot definitively blame the shampoo for that).  Still, it makes me nervous about using it again.  It does lather up quite well compare to a lot of natural brands.  Bubbly and foamy white lather that only takes about a nickel sized drop to generate.I'm not really sure how this shampoo is considered natural.  There's a long list of unpronounceable ingredients and only a few of those are actually natural that I can tell.  It just isn't something that should be continually used on your scalp in my opinion.  Splurge for a little bit better.  With ingredients like Ammonium Laureth Sulfate and Cocamid MEA, I'm not really sure that this is shampoo or rocket fuel.  I don't know what most of the stuff is.The bottom line is that this is cheap shampoo, with a decent scent, but probably not something that should be used on hair that you care about.  I recommend avoiding it.Review by M. Reynard 2013"
I use this in every shower and it makes my skin clean but does not dry my skin the way average soaps on the market do.  We love it and highly recommend it.  We all have eczema and have no problem using this soap.  Soft and Gentle and worth the price!
We used this in the shower for a couple months and didn't notice any benefit with exfoliation or improved skin texture. The soap was really messy so I ended up just tossing it. Back to traditional shower gel!
I really wanted to love this product! Unfortunately three days after using it my face is still burning. Now I realize that there is supposed to be an amount of burning involved when using a peel or microdermabrasion. However after using this product I don't believe that the granules are safe for my skin. I get the impression that it's not helping me that it's basically giving me micro cuts on my skin.I would not use this again and if you have any skin sensitivities at all you should avoid this product.
"Carls daughter, first time using it and it's good, but I don't like the Smell. It's not a bad smell but not a good on either"
"I believe the 12 days of Christmas is primarily a Catholic holiday, and we aren't catholic I find it is an excellent opportunity to expose the children to the religious meaning of the holiday. This should cover 3 days for one child! Though it is supposed to run from Christmas till Jan 5 I am considering doing it before so they will have a chance to enjoy the early unwrapping and maybe think of the bible verse without all the distractions of the event, and maybe envision something besides Santa coming with the giant bag of goodies."
"I got this rather quickly after I ordered it and I must say for the price, it's a fabulous product.  It is not too greasy and gave me good coverage until I need to color again.  I did not notice any rub-off on my clothes either so I much appreciate that.  I have black hair so the black blended in quite nicely - no one could tell that I used the stick.  It's also small like a lipstick so I can take it in my purse whenever I need it.  For the price and the gray coverage it provides, you can't go wrong."
"This manicure & pedicure set is useful and cute. Although I don't use a lot of the tools included, it's still nice to have them included for when I might need them one day."
I always bought this from my tanning salon! I love the smell and it moisturizes my skin so soft! Aloe is one of my favorite natural ingredients for my skin.
"I wanted to like this... b/c I like Jane Iredale other products.  So, when it first arrived and I tried it out, and it seemed really thick & cakey, I decided to keep it and try again.  I have tried many times and every time I have to wash it off my face b/c it begins to cake up and look horrible.  It does not blend well at all =(  I wish I could return it and get my $47 back!"
"I haven't used all of them, but I use the pink pointy one for applying and blending out my concealer, as well as highlighting and to assist with contouring. Overall, you cant go wrong with it!"
I love love love this product . Smells amazing and makes my skin feel even better. I am so glad it came with 3 jars because i will be using this very often. Would recommend !!
"This is a great purple color! It looks a little shimmery in the picture but is not that shimmery on my nails. In bright sunlight, you can see a little shimmer but not much. A nice light purple shade and perfect for spring."
(Using husbands account) I bought these brushes and I love them. Their soft and apply the makeup very well. I'm planning on buying another set as a back up. I would recommend these brushes.
"This Own product is definitely non-greasy, and is very light compared to other night-moisturizing creams I've used. The cream absorbs readily, and does not take long to massage into facial skin. The rub? I don't think it's as effective as the other creams I've used in the past, and those fine little lines are creeping back into view since I switched to this product! So, the truth will be in the using over the next month as I use it up. I'm hoping I'm wrong, because I definitely like the lightweight feeling, and want it to work so I finally have the perfect nighttime product."
"smells great! very soothing. but i don't think it's moisturizing enough for me.  I used to use Water Sleeping Pack at night and when i wake up in the morning, skin feels and looks great."
It was so adorable I was thrilled when it arrived. When I finally took it out of the packaging and went to slip it over my head the chain links snapped and it broke. Very disappointed I was very happy with its appearance
"My daughter uses Suave Kids care products all the time and they work well she has long curly thick hair and it leaves it fresh smelling, soft and manageable no complaints really love that it's two in one as well. Add some leave in conditioner/detangler maybe even styling gel all from the Suave line and you are good to go. The prices are usually fair as well."
"Great packaging, very cute and followed theme all the way thru. Good eyeshadow colors and very pigmented. Having a good time trying all the color combinations."
"I've had this for almost a year now and it still works great! I have yet to buy the diffuser attachment but have often thought it would be a nice addition to my routine. This thing dries my very long thick, curly hair in about 10 minutes. That's 15 less than how long it took my old dryer. I usually just air dry my hair since I don't mind looking like a ragamuffin 90% of the time, but I use this paired with my big round brush, a few drops of Paul Mitchell Super Skinny Serum (http://www.amazon.com/Paul-Mitchell-Super-Skinny-Serum/dp/B0012X6MQA) and a hair protecting mist anytime I want to look fabulous for a special occasion. :)"
"This product works fairly well, but the smell is awful. It permeates the air and lingers for a long time. Breathing it in makes you feel like you can taste it."
"I was hoping for a magic acne cure for my adult-onset severe cystic acid that I've been struggling with for over 6 months now. This hasn't cleared up my skin like I had hoped, but it does help a ton to reduce inflammation over night. Would definitely recommend, in conjunction with other treatments.Pros:1) Quickly dries out cystic acne over night.2) Inexpensive compared to many other products I've tried (although the bottle doesn't last very long).3) Other products seem to work better when there are no inflamed blemishes to deal with.Cons:1) Hard to apply. I use a q-tip but inevitably some is wasted due to the watery nature of the product.2) Does dry out your skin quite a bit.3) Unclear how much it actually &#34;heals&#34; blemishes. While they are reduced in the short term, it does seem like they come back.I'd also recommend trying out the 20% salicylic acid peel from Perfect Image and the Mario Badescu glycolic acid toner. Acne-hell has basically reduced my skincare routine to slathering my face with various types of acid...but I've finally started to get traction against it.Some info about me: age 25, female. I'm also taking a hormone blocker called Aldactone and I've cut dairy out of my diet entirely so it's hard to identify exactly which of those things is working.."
"I had my doubts when reading the descriptions of this product online at amazon and elsewhere. It just seemed that it really wasn't clear what this ""hot air"" brush would do (increase volume, shine. Hmm. OK.). Should have heeded my instincts.Read the reviews before ordering so I was aware that given its low wattage this is not meant to be used as a ""real"" dryer if you have long and/or thick hair. So I wasn't expecting this to function as a dryer on my long (collar), medium-thick wet hair.But I did expect that I could straighten and style damp hair given its description as a ""hot air"" brush. However, this hot air brush didn't do much of anything for my hair--definitely no volume and no shine. Took several minutes (a lot longer than using regular hair dryer and brush!) to get small sections of hair straight and dry and though my hair is easily styled/set with curling irons, this brush did not add any body or shape. VERY disappointing.About the only thing it is good for? Spot drying and straightening damp sections of hair at nape, neckline, etc. after a shower or bath before then going on to actually style hair with electric rollers and/or curling iron. At this price, that's an expensive product option since one could easily do the same with any cheap hair dryer and a brush.My hair is wavy rather than tight curly but I found that this brush was not very effective in straightening hair or adding ""body"" though I tried it on hair that was different degrees of damp. (And yes, I followed the instructions, which suggest that you use when your hair is ""80% dry"" and I did turn my hair upside down and blow/brush out from the roots.)As for making my hair less static? Could not discern any noticeable difference.Only seeming plus: It did not seem to dry hair out as much as when using a traditional hair dryer and brush.Having used it quite a bit in initial two weeks I did not feel comfortable returning it, but I wish I had. Total waste of money.Given some of the other newer comments, it seems that no matter what length your hair is, others have experienced similar problems and disappointment.To the folks at John Frieda hair care products, I hope you read these comments and do something to improve the product. I love your actual hair care products and use them daily so my expectation level for the performance of this product was high based on prior positive experience."
"I have color treated, slightly damaged hair. The biggest issue I have is the ends of my hair. While I have no split ends, the ends appear damaged and lighter than the rest of my hair if I let it dry naturally, which I prefer to do. I went to a salon to get my hair styled and the stylist recommended this shampoo (even though they didn't sell it there!). She swore it was a Holy Grail product.After using this shampoo once my hair felt a bit thicker at the ends and smoother. After using it a few times my hair look INFINITELY better when I let it dry natural. To the point that people were complimenting it. It also feels much healthier. The first time I've been truly happy with my hair was once I introduced this Joico Color Therapy into my life. I love this stuff. LOVE. I recently messed up and purchased the regular Joico K-pak Reconstruct Shampoo & Conditioner and it is not as good. It works well, but I will be going back to this as soon as it runs out. HIGHLY suggest you get the Color Therapy if your hair is damaged, even if you don't color it."
"This gel is not the same as the other self-tanning lotion I have used in the past.  It does NOT dry in five minutes, I see NO color change, and the odor remains for hours, even after I tried to wash it off.  Do not waste your money."
I've purchase the smaller 1oz version before which was better than the 2oz version. The 2oz version turned an ugly urine color and the consistency was more like water and had an awful smell than the 1oz version which had a thicker consistency. I believe I had a bad batch. Don't trust that more is better.
"I started using this product and within a couple applications noticed that a lot of hair was coming out when I pic'd or brushed my hair.  I stopped using this product and it went back to the normal amount of stray strands.  The smell is also unpleasant.  I have used several other products in the L'Oreal Ever line and always found their scents pleasant.  This one smells like extra hold hairspray with some undertones of a natural scent I couldn't discern.  If it would have helped my fine hair have more volume I probably could have dealt with the scent, but causing my hair to come out when brushing landed this product in the trash."
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! especially the brushes that come with it! there so great! i also love the box! the makeup is great quality!
"There was basically 4 size points and the rest were completely the same sizes, but I guess it's fine considering the price of it"
"Two words to describe this...Warm and Sweet...It has some flower notes in there though that counteract with the sweetness... they are very very slight and definitely in the background of the white chocolate vanilla sugar! Honestly perfumes don't usually have this power over me but this scent is almost mouth watering, but without being foodie or syrupy. I still remember the first time I smelled this, when it came out, around 2005 when I was 13. I instantly loved it then and still love it now at 22. I smelled it only once in 2005 and just smelled it again today when I bought it. I've remembered the scent for like 8 years :)...IT'S THAT UNIQUE!! Clearly it's very recognizable... It's not immature though. Very different than scents like Mariah Carey's junk and Pink Sugar. Pink Sugar is what I would consider immature. It's a very memorable fragrance....and has such a huge silage. The dry down reminds me a little bit of Burberry Brit. I smelled this on a girl the other day and thought she was wearing Brit but she told me it was Fantasy."
"Oh well, my hair is very, very fine and in my advanced years getting thinner all the time, so I guess volume is a pipe dream for me. As for the conditioning part, I thought it worked quite well for me, pour some on your hand and work it into your hair and rinse (that's a no-brainer). I LOVE the dispenser and how easy it is to pick up, pour and close back up without any mess, and for that I'll add on the extra star I was going to take away for no volume. There is a slight scent to the conditioner, but not overpowering. All in all a nice product, but a wee bit on the expensive side for my frugal household."
This shampoo has a great scent and does a great job on my daughter's medium-thickness hair.  I tried it with my fine hair and I was a frizz ball.  Her hair looks beautiful and smells great though!
I BOUGHT THIS PACK BECAUSE IT SAID THAT ALOT OF LIPSTICKS CAME AND OF THE 10 THATS CAME MAYBE ONLY 4 WHERE GOOD THE OTHER ONE WHERE BAD AND SMELLED HORRIBLE NOT VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT
"Smells really nice, and it works great on bug problems. I use it in baths and with lotions. It makes my skin feel smoother too."
"After reading a few reviews on here, I decided to buy this AT CVS.. I am glad I did. MINE does not look like this photo here.. Mine does NOT have a stuck on label, as shown in this photo. I am totally assuming this is not the real deal,and I wish Amazon would not sell it!"
"Love this unit! Will be purchasing again. I just wish there were more colors, this would look fab in an ombr&eacute;! It's not &#34;whole lace&#34; but it has a nice wide patch of lace that gives a lot of room and versatility for parting along with baby hairs and an extended neck which makes for a nice ponytail or updo. Looks really natural"
"My teen loves the fresh herbal scent with hint of orange, and stresses that it smells good enough for male or female use. Put pea size dab on hand rub together and apply on damp hair  and style. You can style any way you want and it alwasy comes out right."
The effects are of course temporary but these 2 lotions do smooth slight areas of cellulite. I havent figured out how to use this along with self tanner though to be fully summer ready!
"I bought this cleanser just based off the reviews here on Amazon. I wear primer and makeup every day, so I normally use St. Ives Apricot Scrub (or the Walmart generic) because it's the only thing that makes me feel &#34;clean&#34;. Well, I keep reading about how using scrubs every day is not the best for oily/acne prone skin. I had tried a cetaphil cleanser and was NOT impressed. Felt like it didn't take all my makeup off. CeraVe is amazing though! I just need to use a small amount and it REALLY cleans without being harsh on my face. It also doesn't leave my face feeling greasy, but at the same doesn't dry it out. I highly recommend this for ALL skin types!"
"Really good moisturizer.  Just a little bit of Retinol in it.  Doesn't cause me to breakout.  Makes skin softer, clearer.  Do not use if pregnant."
The CoverGirl & Olay Simply Ageless Concealer offers smooth and even undereye coverage while hiding fine lines. This is my second time purchasing this product. This first time I bought it I was looking for something to new to replace a mediocre product I was using. This product is definitely a keeper. It is quite a value considering it can last 6 months or longer. It really goes a long way!
"I have very sparse brows plus a rather sizeable scar that goes across my left brow and temple, so hair doesn't grow there.  I have been using Benefit SheLaq for years to seal brow color. That product leaves brows shiny.  It's also been discontinued by Benefit.  I am DELIGHTED to have tried Model in a Bottle...it works so much better than SheLaq and it's a fraction of the price.  No more stiff shiny brows here!!  I cannot tell you how happy I am to have tried this...it's going to become a staple from now on, I love that it doesn't leave a shiny brow trail, nor does it alter the color of the brow product like SheLaq did; plus, my brows aren't stiff.  This is about as natural as you'll get to having natural lush brows!!I absolutely recommend, without hesitation!!"
hello everyone if you are into nail art like me and want a sturdy and grade A quality product well these nails are it. omg these are the best nail tips money can buy. Now lets be clear don't get theses nail tips and then leave a negative review for them.  people when you are doing acrylic nails at home or a salon remember this the tip only adds length not strength too the nail. please make sure your bead consistency is right not too dry and not too wet and research on how to apply acrylic too the nails you do not apply it like nail polish. there are three zones the nail its the tip then the stress point also called smile line then the top get some practice wheels from amazon and practice making the proper bead consistency first and how too use acrylic nail brush. my friends if you learn these steps you will be amazed at your skill level in doing your own nails
"love this, gel eyeliners are so easy to use even for beginers. love this product, my only concern is the pencil, it's a good pencil BUT i think i'm gonna use an old pencil apliyer i have to make my life easier. other than that i really really love this, stays put all day and it does not crease i repeate it does not crease. even survives to sweaty days and warm weather."
This product dries my hair out.  It also makes my hair feel more brittle.  I was using this on my receding hairline to reduce harsh chemical exposure to my already thinning hair.  But this product did not work.  I stopped using after one bottle
I found that this shampoo did what its manufacturers claimed. I felt that my hair was cleaned and not greasy. I used only about a teaspoon of the shampoo and it was enough; I had so many suds that I also used it to wash my face. The shampoo had a slight sweet manly smell with just a bit of a menthol odor. Its conditioner did more to making my hair feel light than other shampoos.
LOTS OF FAKE REVIEWS HERE!!!!!! Don't let them fool you
"I liked this so much -- it's quick, not too heavy, good choice of settings, very quiet, so I've already purchased two more as gifts"
Does not last long and not as good as store-bought thickening mascaras. Not remotely justified in its cost of effectiveness.
"I read about this product and found it on Amazon. My nails have never been great and I have neither the interest nor the patience to fuss with them, but they've been so bad in the last couple of years due to peeling, breaking and, worst of all, ridges and splitting down into the quick. This product was recommended for disguising the ridges and helping the nails to appear smooth again. I first tried it by using two coats and then finishing with colored polish. Wow - so smooth that it looked like I had false nails! But the polish began to come off after a couple days (I didn't have the time or patience to apply more than one coat of polish). So I removed the polish with acetone remover, expecting to also remove the Essie base coat. I thought I was done, but there was still a thin layer of the Essie that made my nails look much better than normal. After a few days I tried putting on two coats of polish first, then finishing with the Essie as a top coat. That held up well and still looked good, but I guess I'm just not a colored nail person because I wasn't enjoying the look. HOWEVER, I noticed that my nails were growing out better than they ever have and I was not dealing with the problems mentioned above. So I removed the polish completely and tried using just two layers of the Essie. It isn't quite clear - has a slight peachy color, but is close enough to a natural look that I'm very happy with it. The difference in my nails is nothing short of amazing. I've had no ragged edges or splits, my nails look thick and healthy, and they are so long that soon I will have to cut them with a clipper. This product seemed expensive when I decided to try it, but it's worth it to me. (I also recently switched to using a glass nail file, also found here on Amazon, and that seems to be helping my nails, too.)"
"The positive reviews must have been generated by Angellift owners and employees, because this product does absolutely nothing but deplete your bank account! (Notice they use the word ""Angel"" to create feelings of trust in their product. Clever.)I've been using the strips exactly as directed for five months now - with no improvement whatsoever.  (I even took before and after photos.)  I'm so mad at myself for falling for this rip-off product, but I'm furious with this manufacturer for capitalizing on women's desires to reduce wrinkles and look younger.  Keep your hard-earned money, girls. Better yet, take that money and start saving for something that really works."
I have thin long hair and thought this could assist in making a bun however to my disappointment it pokes out and doesnt stay when i bend it at the end...I bought 2 and regret it
"I love this comb it detangles my natural hair with out the pain. I am tender headed, so for me this comb means no more painful comb outs that leave my head sore. It's very durable and strong I really love how well it works."
THIS PERFUME SMELLS SOOOOOO GOOD. SO FRESH AND IT REALLY LAST ALL DAY. EVERYONE ALWAYS COMPLIMENTS ME ABOUT IT AND ALWAYS KNOW WHAT IM WEARING. I WOULD GIVE IT A TRY IF I WERE YOU!
I have Dry skin and my face had alot of acne cause other than being in the sun alot and with work and sweat nothing wasn't working on my face. The smell is very delish and it has a very light texture to it. Just a little dab with my finger and massage it into my face. within days i can see my face clearing up the touch of it to my skin feels like moisture bursting without that oily feel which i love. If you have facial skin problem this is one of the best i ever used.
"Recently, my dermatologist advised me to wear an SPF 30 sunscreen daily. SPF 15 once in a while doesn't cut it. I was delighted to discover this product for any number of reasons. First, it goes on smoothly, absorbs quickly and--most importantly--doesn't leave a greasy residue. Second, it's price right. Plenty of competitive brands cost twice as much or more. Third, it can withstand the exertion of active sports (although I reapplied it--but that wasn't hard, because I wasn't a grease ball.) Last, the smell--well, there is no discernible fragrance. To me this is Banana Boat Sport Coolzone Sunscreen Lotion's best feature. I cannot stand smelling like a smoothie, especially when I am not on a tropical island.I encourage you to try this product."
"Well made. Paid $2 and can't go wrong here! If you are looking for cheap lashes, these are them! You do need to trim them to fit your eye though as they are a bit long."
"I used to think stamping polishes were unnecessary, and that I could stamp with any polish. But these Konad polishes have changed my life. They're opaque in one stamp and they transfer to the stamper perfectly. When I use regular polish to stamp, I have to scrape with very little pressure or all the polish comes out of the image, but with these polishes, I have to scrape with more force because the polish stays better in the image.It sounds like a lot of money to pay for a polish you only use for stamping, but if you're looking to take your designs to the next level, I highly recommend using these polishes.Also, I thought I would only get tiny bottles with not a lot in them but this 11 ml size is only slightly smaller than an Essie bottle, for reference."
I have fine hair that is quite long and this REALLY works!  It gives me VOLUME and waves that are wonderful.  I have gotten so many complements that I think I should buy stock in this company!
"I'm not too hot on this glue. I will admit that I only just began wearing imitation lashes (not plastic, but real human hair on a strip). The glue kind of worked, for about a day, but then it wouldn't hold as well in the inner lid area so the lash would bend upwards. I just took them off after one day because I was so annoyed that they wouldn't stay glued down (I used Ardell lashes too, if this helps). The glue is very black and unless you apply perfectly, then it looks like you have smeared eye liner. I used a Qtip to apply it to the back of the strip-wish it would have came with an applicator like Revelon lash glue."
"Overall, I like this hair dryer.  It is powerful, and I dried my short hairstyle in less than 2 minutes using the low setting.  I cannot notice that my hair is any shinier than usual, but it definitely has more volume.  The blue cold shot button works much better than the one on my previous hair dryer.The metallic apple green color is much nicer than it appears in the picture here on Amazon.  The cord is sufficiently long, and heavy duty.  There is also a nice travel case included, as well as a concentrator.I do have some complaints though.  I took off the removable lint filter, and put it back on.  Now I cannot remove it at all.  I read in another review that someone else had the same problem with not being able to remove the filter cover.  My husband has stronger hands than me, so I am going to let him try to take it off for me.The dryer is heavier than what I am used to.  That would not be a problem, but the weight is not balanced very well, and the unit is top heavy.  It is a bit awkward to use because of that, but I think that I will become accustomed to it after a couple more days.  A little bit more weight in the handle would have solved this problem.  For the average home user for uses a hair dryer for a few minutes daily, I think it is fine.Even though this dryer comes with a travel case and has a twist folding handle, I would not consider it a travel dryer in any way.  As I mentioned before, it is fairly heavy and it does not fold up compactly.  The twist folding handle is convenient for storing it in a bathroom drawer however."
"I've become a fan of the Suave Professionals products--I adore the Moroccan Infusion line--and this fits in well with the Suave brand.  The scent is fairly light and pleasant: somewhat spicy, somewhat floral.  The shampoo is a bit thicker than the conditioner and lathers nicely.  It's pleasant to use and gets my hair clean.I recommend using this shampoo with the coordinating conditioner."
"This was recommended by my chiropractor since I have trouble falling asleep at night. I think the original intention is for regularity, but it does seem to work well in 'calming' my system at bedtime. I take 2 tsp about 30 before bed. The cherry flavor is a little sour but nothing to make me stop using it. I have not tried any other flavors but might try the orange next time just for a change."
I notice nothing from using this all week. I am considering returning it. I cant afford to waste money. (TjMaxx has a bunch of this brand I believe...never moves off shelf)
"Like most reviewers, I agree that the toner itself is great.I mostly just wanted to talk about the bottle design. I was really afraid to buy this because so many reviewers said the opening made the product hard to use but nobody wrote about how the opening actually looked. Once you screw the cap off, it basically just looks like the opening of a water/soda bottle. Maybe other people were looking for more of a small opening that you have to shake/squeeze the bottle to get product onto the cotton.However, this was exactly what I was looking for. It makes it so easy to just hold a cotton pad (I use cotton pads, not balls) at the opening and quickly flip down and back up once or twice. So hopefully, this helps for anyone who was concerned about what the opening actually looked like."
So I bought this product hoping to get my eyelashes growing as I have naturally short lashes and I don't have a lot of volume either. So let me tell. If you don't have it it is not gonna grow from nowhere!  I didn't have any irritation or darkening of the skin or anything. It has been 4 weeks and nothing had changed.Looks like I am religiously putting this thing on me and absolutely NOTHING happens.I think it will help you grow your lashes back if they had been damaged but not if you didn't have any lashes and magically they gonna appear. So yeah! Not working!
Takes for ever and im still waiting for this ..Never again.. Takes to much to get it.? WowI will get it to an actually store.
I have a whole Beautyrest regimen and I try to keep my skin looking as young as possible my mother was able to do it and now that I'm almost 30 my skin looks about 20and this just adds to the beauty thank you
"I wear ponytails all the time and have a wide variety. With this one, the quality just isn't there. There was only one comb and it was sewn on the side instead of the top. There was a lot of breakage of the hair at the top of the pony, which made it really obvious it was fake."
"I really like the Pantene products for colored hair - I always buy the brunette, I have conditioner also.  I find that using the shampoo (and conditioners) really make my hair color last.  I like to stretch it out as long as possible just to save on my hair.  I highly recommend any of these products in whatever haircolor you are trying to preserve."
"I picked this up because I have naturally frizzy hair....not curly enough to leave natural, but very difficult to straighten. I wanted something to use after straightening to add some curl back in (crazy, I know). I got carried away the first time I used it and ended up looking like Shirley Temple. Not a good look for a 46 year old.If you want waves and not real curls, keep it on the lower setting. Heats up very fast. A bit awkward to use at first, but once you get the hang of it, easy."
"I purchased this item and requested a reimbursement since for all I can see, it's only a sun screen.  Reading the small print it seems to do nothing else than protect your skin from getting wrinkles and dryness from exposure to the sun...that is definitely NOT what I am looking for on a product claiming to have Retinol, which is the over the counter version of Retin-A which does correct wrinkles' appearance (not the wrinkles themselves, but somehow makes them less noticeable.  PLEASE ladies (and gents) keep in mind that we must be realistic.  The wrinkles you have already will never go away, you can protect your skin from getting worse ones and make it look plump and luminous and even lighten some of the sun exposure damage or other dark spots.  However, this product will never do it!  However, the RoC discs are excellent and within a week of using them, I noticed a great improvement in my face, neck and d&eacute;colletage, and very, very soft. Use a good moisturizer after it and you're done!"
"This Stuff is great, you only need to use it a couple times a week so even if you forget the oil youll be okay. it works better with oil though."
"such awesome moisture spray, spray a few times after washing face, dont even need a moisturizer of lotion, this keeps my face very soft and quenched."
I can see how MAYBE this product works for a person with very very deep wrinkles... using this every night may lift some of the indentations. I have very minor forehead wrinkles and this product does absolutely NOTHING for me. I would suggest not wasting your money.
"I bought this wig once and I liked it until on the 3rd day of me wearing it the straps both fell off, i thought it would be ok. So it wont be as snug as i want it.... that night went to take it off and the front and back fell apart!!!! I messaged them and told them they offered me a refund or to ship out another one... So i opted for another one. November 20 it was shipped, here it is Dec 21st and still NO WIG!!! Don't do it! Go somewhere else to get your product if you want to receive you product and a quality product! I did receive a refund, that's the only thing good that came out of this!"
"I have always struggled with dark under-eye circles. I have spent my life searching for the perfect concealer, THIS IS IT. It doesn't cake up under my eyes, it goes on smoothly, and best of all- it covers my dark circles!!!! Already bought a second one :)"
"I did not like, the wig is very big, I do air balloons in the head, the haircut is different, longer, is a different color, different from the photo in the end they sent me another wig not they asked, no like...."
"I've just received my second order of this lotion and expect it will become a standard.  Good texture and feel, subtle and rapidly disappearing scent, quick absorption.  I thought I had earlier rated this 4-stars but, if so, I am boosting my rating now.  One minor drawback is the relatively quick fading of the moisturing effect--which could be related, in part, to living in New Hampshire in mid-winter.  The ingredient list is reassuring, unlike a vast number of other lotions on the market."
Love this case and brush set! I'm not sure what some of them are for...but I'm sure I will figure it out. I do love that tthe bristles don't fall out and stick to my face like the other brush set I have!
"This wig is very cute, lightweight and comfortable.That being said...IT DOES NOT LOOK ANYTHING LIKE THE PICTURE!  It is chin-length, not pixie-cut like the picture shows. Also, it is definitely not what I would consider brown. It's more of a light caramel color, gold in the sun, and very fake-shiny. It is NOT capless like the description says. It has a wefted cap, just like regular full wigs. Then again, what would you expect for so cheap? As a person with medical hair loss, it is definitely not an every day wig.The two stars I gave it are for being exactly what I bought it to be: a cheap wig, easy to just throw on for those days that I don't feel like messing with my good wig. Good enough for me."
"I like the fact that you dampen the sponge before using it to apply liquid foundation, because that helps with the smooth application results.  This sponge is made of good quality sponge material that I dont anticipate cracking or breaking apart like cheaper sponges tend to.  It doesn't work miracles, of course, but I am pleased with the sponge and it works a bit better than my fingers (which work better than any previous sponge).  Read the directions for use and care."
"I found these and was super excited about the price, but when i looked at my orders and it said 'Shipped'. I contacted the seller and they told me that they had a &#34;Server malfunction&#34;I never got a replacement or my money back. (My opinion) I'm pretty sure that it's a scam. If something's too good to be true, it probably is.I am pretty bummed that I never actually got these because they look extremely cool, and I hope that if anyone chooses to buy these that they will have a better experience than I did."
"i was looking for a while for a nail polish shelf/rack. and found this one. love that i didnt have to find a place for it. you just hang it on the wall. dont know how many nail polish it fits but i just love this rack. arrived early. nicely packed, new, no scraches."
"I have been using a nail strengthener which works wonders for my nails but seriously dries out my cuticles. Anyways, I purchased this stuff when I ran out of my cuticle cream and it's pretty terrible. It's more of a watery consistency than an oil and isn't very moisturizing. I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it unfortunately :("
"If you ever gleamed anything from frugal relatives, it's that you can put two tennis balls into the dryer to dry the clothes faster.  I've even heard Martha Stewart say to do it.  These 'dryer balls' are just a way to bank on that old home remedy.  Plus, tennis balls are very cheap and will likely last much longer."
"I love the Burts Bees line, but I really dont like the way my skin looks when using this product especially in the morning, maybe i have a small reaction to it but i dont think so. It is a lill greasy and smells funky i could handle that, but i dont see that it does any good for me, if anything making my skin look bad! Ive been using it on my hands until its gone but i wont be buying it again."
I luv Deva Curl products! It makes my hair more manageable and it smells good as well.  It does take longer to use when cleansing your hair but it is worth it in the end.
"I've tried my fair share of tanning lotions out there and try to give anything new a shot.  I've been tanning for 7+ years now and love bronzers.  This time for budget purposes, I wanted to find a tanning lotion that was $20 or less and chose to try this one.  It seemed pretty popular.  As far as the scent, it's relatively mild compared to most.  You don't get that burnt skin mixed with tanning lotion smell with this one that you do from a lot of other tanning lotions.  As far as color, however, I'm not impressed what so ever.  I've tanned quite a few times using this lotion already.. and to be honest, not seeing nearly the amount of color I should be seeing.  If you're looking for a tanning lotion that gives you good color, I'd probably look elsewhere.. Designer Skin makes some really good ones that are relatively inexpensive as well.  Don't buy into the name of this product and waste your money."
"did not bond well with the silk nails , would never purchase this item again, not as it was advertised."
"This curls your hair very nicely,  and overall works really well. Yes like others have said, it is a bit more slippery than other wands but with practice you get used to it. The barrel is tapered, so you do need to hold it at certain angles to ensure it doesn't slip off. I really like this wand because I can curl my hair and my curls will stay intact for 2 to 3 days without any hair spray or anything. If you want larger wavy hair I recommend getting this one, if you want tighter smaller ringlets get the smaller one."
"I got this to use in my son's hair.....for years he's had a problem with dandruff, and no matter what we used, nothing gave us any relief.  When I saw this product, I thought I'd try it.  He's been using it for about a month now.  Last week I took him to the barbershop for a haircut, and even the barber commented on the fact that his dandruff problem seemed to be resolving.  I believe his exact words were ""are you using something different in your hair?  Because you have hardly ANY dandruff.""  Add to that the fresh, clean smell....and this is a product worth trying, for those who struggle with dandruff.  Certainly everyone is different, but this product worked for us.-DYB"
"I have used this one and the shiseido. I loved the shiseido, But I believe I love this one a little more. Feels less greasy (not sure if it makes sense) but it does the job of removing makeup. DO IT!!!!"
"I love the lip balm, it's softy shiny, feels great and really moisturizes. However, all the stars in the world don't make up for the poor packaging. Mine arrived cracked, in several places, and actually had been deep enough that some of the products 'oil' leaked thru them leaving the outside of the container greasy feeling and the inside of the box with oily spots.I love how it looks, love how it feels, but for the high, premium price I expect the packaging to reflect the contents as well. It was damaged and so back it went. Seeing as I'm not the only one with this particular problem I won't be repurchasing."
"I've bought several colors from this same brand and I've been happy with them, but this one, totally different story. This one clumps up, and yes, I do know how to cure my nails and have the necessary tools. The other colors (same brand) don't clump like this one."
I like it because it has a brush holder compartment that holds normal size brushes. It comes with a little mirror. It's medium size and a lot fits in there. It's not big. It wont fit my lorac pro palette buy an inch. But I like it a lot.
I ordered these over two months ago and they still have not shown up!!!!  I contacted the seller and they said that shipping can be tricky sometimes and to continue waiting and be patient....2 months is pretty freaking patient if you ask me.  I know they are cheap and it seems like a good idea but dont do it.  It is not worth the aggravation.
The magic marker tip became coated with the sunscreen I apply and stopped working so I threw it away and went back to my pencil.
"Rinses out very easily yet very thick and rich in consistency. Not too perfumy, a clean neutral smell. Not toofemmy."
"I can't wait to use these. They came 2 days early, so I am sooo excited to put them on. They ARE full cover tips in clear as described, so I don't know why the other reviewers had an issue, but I got lucky and got just what I wanted. :)"
Expected Delivery date was no sooner than July 25th.  I got the lashes on 7/15! Boxes got a little crushed but all the lashes were in tact and usable.
"I use this cream for about 3 weeks now, every morning and before I go to bed, and my skin around my eyes got visibly finer and the fine crow feet that I already had, are less visible as well. The cream is not oily at all, leaves a nice and smooth feeling on the sensitive skin around my eyes, and doesn't smell bad like so many others I tried before. I am normally a Neutrogena fan, and I love their products as well, but the RoC Retinol Correxion Eye Cream is definitely the best eye cream I have tried so far. I am 38 and the skin around my eyes is usually ok, but when I don't get enough sleep or when I am stressed with work, my crow feet come out more and I also tend to have dark circles around my eyes. This cream achieved to diminish the crow feet and in general softened my skin a lot. I am very happy with it."
"This shipped and two days, and was perfect, exactly what I needed. The clips held my hair tight, though they are a little large. The brushes work fantastically, and it's very easy clean up. Great product!"
"This is basically honey in a jar. That's the best way I can describe it. I put this on freshly washed hair, and then sat under the hood dryer. The next morning, my hair still wasn't dry. It left my hair a sticky mess. So I had to wash it out immediately. I am so happy I tried this product on a weekend rather than a day I had to go to work, because then I would have been SOL.People say that you should only put a tiny bit your hair, or that you should mix it with the smoothie, or the hair milk, but that's too troublesome to me. I want a product that I can just put on my hair and go, without worrying if I put too much or to little, or that I have to mix it with something else to work. Especially with the price. I have cheaper products that moisturize and style my hair on their own. I don't want to be a hair chemist to make my hair look nice. I want something that is quick and easy, and this is not it. This was just a huge pain for me.On the bright side. It's smell really nice as all Shea Moisture products do."
"I have nails that bend like paper.  This nail hardener really works well.  My nails are rigid now and can take Shellac nail polish that stays on for 3 weeks. It's too bad my nails grow so fast or it would last longer. Before this nail hardener, the shellac would crack off in two days.  Be careful to put it on thin or it causes pain. Test it on one nail first.  I just hope this product is safe since it is absorbed into the nail bed as well."
"My experience with this product is that it contains so much menthol (even tho' it's listed at the end of the many ingredients) that the scent of it stings my eyes. It feels like putting Vicks on my face. I cannot imagine how this is an appropriate product for the face.  I guess I'll try to use it for other parts of the body, but since it's so creamy, I notice it makes my feet slippery in the shower if I use it on my feet."
I tried this based on the reviews and I am glad I took the chance. I mixed it with water when using since I wasn't comfortable with putting the direct acid on my face (considering that water is acidic also...LOL!) I like it and it worked. My face did seem to have a bit  more moisture and didn't feel dry as much as it did before. I don't use it everyday but I do use it at least three times per week.
"I ordered this from proactiv not this vendor, I think the price on here is too high though.  Anyway, I have black heads on my nose and chin.  I've use biore strips and those didn't work and neither did other drug store brands.  I used this with a panasonic black head clearing tool (it sucks out the puss and I bought on Amazon I recommend that tool also).  I noticed a dramatic difference in my pores and my black heads really started to diminish.  I didn't realize how great it was until I ran out and I can see the black heads coming back and pores getting larger.  I recommend getting it from a proactiv kiosk in the mall or calling them because this price is too high. It's a good product."
"I can't believe this company has the nerve to set a price of $38.  Amazon had it for $10.59 and I got it with some other alleged plumpers of about the same price to try it out.  The current price is $21 -- just ridiculous.  It is a pretty lip gloss with a slightly sweet taste.  It licks off easily so it doesn't last long.  It has no other effect, but the company includes a long information page in many languages with purportedly scientific details and the fact that you'll get best results when it's used in combination with several of their other products.  Incredible.  I don't give it one star because I save that for products that actually cause harm or are extraordinarily displeasing."
I like cheap and for $1 that's good for me but I'd honestly rather spend a little money and get a good brush. This is horrible! It doesn't spread foundation more like mops it around! The brush gets wet and tacky! The foundation looks caked on when applied with this brush!Seems like it just absorbs the liquid and doesn't spread.I've seen nothing but good reviews for e.l.f but I'm not getting the hype.
this nail primer didn't do its job. the formula seems to be different because this once was some good stuff. however my nail began to lift around the edges and It was not a pretty sight. Also this is lifting that I experienced immediately not due to needing a fill in.
They were plastic and completely cheap. Didn't wanna stick even with the expensive glue. The lash line was too thick.  The ones on thread are much better (:
"It seems like it should work like the original, but it is so thin and cheaply made, that the loop ripped after the first use."
This facial wash reminds me of Cetaphil.  You rub it on a dry face and then wet to rinse off.  I like it overall and feel that it does a good job cleaning my skin.  My skin feels smooth and clean after using.  It does not feel dry even though this is a wash for normal to oily skin.  I like the ingredients as well.
"I purchased these to replace the ones that came with the sander.  I haven't used these yet, but I like the fine for my nails."
"I've had to downgrade my skincare and makeup routine...and by downgrade, I mean shop almost exclusively at the drugstore. I've managed to find wonderful drugstore alternatives to department store makeup and haircare, but skincare has been tough. I'm at the point now that, despite being able to afford more expensive items, I'm happily sticking with my bargain finds. Why spend more if you don't have to, right? I'm more interested in how I look and feel after application, versus caring so much which brand or fancy packaging I hold in my hand.Skincare was trickier. I've tried a host of brands over the last few years, from Olay to Aveeno to about every other option available at drugstore prices. I've had negative reactions to a few, especially Olay, which caused me to break out and took my normally dry skin to oil-slick territory. Others may not have caused me any discomfort or spots, but I was simply unimpressed with the texture and appearance of my skin.I gave this product a try because, honestly, I just did not want to spend $80 on my daily/nightly routine this time around. Plus, Neutrogena was one of the few drugstore options I hadn't attempted.So far, over a week in, I am happy with this product. I spent under $40 for the day and night version of this, which is a true bargain for something so potent. It has a scent (gardenia, maybe, or lily?), but it doesn't bother me at all. It feels very light and sinks in quickly. I have ridiculously dry skin, the kind that develops peeling, scaly bits if left unattended. Despite only using the recommended pea-sized amount, I've had no dry skin issues whatsoever. My last face cream resembled pudding, and it still didn't properly hydrate me unless I slathered it on my face.I am in my mid-30's, shun the sun, and live a (fairly) healthy lifestyle, so I do not have many advanced signs of aging, past the typical age related areas (crinkling around the eyes, slight creases around the mouth, and the like). So, I cannot attest to how well these potions work on intense signs of aging. My main problems are with uneven skin texture, uneven coloring, and dullness. These lotions have done what creams twice and three times their cost have done--minimized these issues and made them more manageable.I adore the packaging. It's simple, slim, lovely, and easy to manage. The pump has a closing feature, which works easily and does not jostle loose, so I can travel with this. Also, the packaging is so slim, it does not take up much space. A little bit really does go a long way, even with my dry skin, so I truly believe I got an excellent deal for the price. I fully intend to stick with this product.Overall, I am really happy with it. This skincare find was the last piece in my ""go budget but look and feel like I splurged"" experiment."
I had seen this on TV a few times and had high expectations but when I started using it didn't really see what the big whoop was.  I was not impressed at all.
Actually I was so exsited when I ordered this product that's because I resd many good reviews about it but after I got it I realy whant to ask what did they speak about?!!!!!
bought the dark blue that fades into light blue for my sister because she was begging me for it. received it about a week ago & shes never worn it. it looks fake. of course blue hair will look fake right? well this looks like plastic hair that you find on one of those cheap knock-off Barbie dolls at the dollar store. I knew it wouldn't look good (shes blonde) but she kept begging so I bought it.
"although the lipsticks themselves go on nicely, one came with no lipstick in the tube, the light pink one,and the cases are very cheap. Colors are not true to what you see. I received as a gift from my wish list"
Didn't even last one time use. The thing is clearly cheap; stopping working and would not turn on after that. Would not ever re-purchase or recommend. Save your money and boil a pot of water on the stove and shove your face on that- its more reliable than this piece of junk.
"The glove isn't worth what they charge for it and the miracles it boasts are even more of a farce. Not at all worth it.  Go to the drugstore, but a loofa and call it a day."
"I have fair, pinky toned skin and wear cool colors. This polish is a thicker cream, a little harder for me to apply. It is a soft, slightly pinky, light neutral. I can wear this polish with any of my clothes and never have a clash. Being a light color, tiny chips or tip wear are not so noticible.I have used one coat alone, without base, when I just had t get my nails done to go out of the house. It gives a very soft barely-there cover to bare nails I didn't get to buffing and looking decent. Normally, this would be 2 coats, that go on a bit thick, over base coat, and a clear top coat. A very light, finished look I really like.I love OPI polishes because beside wearing well, there is a complexity or depth to all their colors. Never a like slapping on house paint look."
I have not yet received this product but I know village Naturals do not test on animals - and  makes lots of bubbles
this is the first dry shampoo i try and it works great for me make my hair fresh and clean and soft very good i order two more bottles
"Whenther you have dermatitis of the scalp issues or simply want a squeaky clean shampoo on those 'Poo days, this is a very nice medical grade product. A lot of long hair lovers (insert shout out here)like this one a lot. B++/A-"
I purchased Maybelline New York Volum' Express Waterproof mascara locally for $5. I don't like it. It has clumped each time I used it. It's hard to get my lashes to look full because they're too clumpy. The brush is gently curved & very flexible. The most flexible mascara wand I've ever used. All mascaras I've used in the past will clean the brush off as you pull the wand out of the tube. The opening is too big in the Volum' Express tube so the excess mascara isn't removed from the brush which might be the reason for the clumping. I won't purchase this again.This mascara is waterproof as advertised. I use baby oil to remove waterproof mascara; petroleum jelly will work too.
I like this product. I only wish it came in a larger bottle. Did not harm brush bristles. I'm not sure of its disinfectant properties though.
This is okay. I'm not overly thrilled with the cleaner. I think you would do just as well to drop some Dawn detergent in a plastic (disposable) cup and swish the brushes around. Then rinse. I did like the sleeves that came with this to keep your bristles from bending and getting out of shape. Just don't think this was worth the money.
It works great worth every penny i spent on it and it cleans very fast with using only a small amount of product
"So, this is probably going to be the longest review I've ever done. My Purple Coif Story. I had wanted a wig of color for a long time. I put a lot of thought into it. It took me a long time,... several weeks to nail down the color.  Green is my favorite color, kind of Martian looking.  Blue is pretty.  I wear a lot of black, and purple goes nice with black, so I decided on the dark purple. Such a nice Royal color or so I thought...  (Seen in the picture)So it arrived really fast, I was so excited.  I tore open the package, and the first thing I notice was the color.  Already, I'm thinking, well, I'll give it darker purple roots with my sharpie, that will look cool!  I'll make do.  I'm easy to please like that. I was disappointed but...  I'd figure it out. It wasn't that expensive.  Then I get it out, and shake it. It's so long and pretty. Super long. I'm 5'2&#34; and it's way down to my hips. That's ok, I love them long.  So it's a bit, disheveled, from being in the box, so I grab my wide toothed wig comb, and start at the bottom, working my way up... holding the wig against me. And huge chunks of hair begin to come out.  &#34;well... it's just from being manufactured, they always shed just a bit when they're new, then they settle  down.&#34;  Comb a bit more... More wads of hair.  I put her on my mannequin head and get my soft wig brush, and brush gently from bottom to top.  Hair, hair... huge clumps all over the floor.  I just cried.  So disappointed. Mostly because of the time I put into the purchase.So, now by the time I've done all this, it's not in any condition to even return. So I just throw it in the top of the guest room closet.  If you don't mind massive shedding, and you're not picky about the shade, it should be fine for you."
"I can't use this shampoo. It smells like medicine to me. I LOVE strong herbal smells, but this doesn't seem to be the normal herbally smell. I REALLY wanted to love this shampoo, but I can't. Even my husband thinks my hair smells gross :( It is the strongest smelling shampoo I have ever purchased."
"This Olay Bodywash is really nice.  I am pretty picky about the products I use and was very happy with this bodywash.  Here is my review rundown:Scent/smell:  mild, almost buttery and slightly sweet...for female mostly some men may like it~ very pleasant~ does not interfere with my perfumeTexture:  creamy, thick, not greasy, small latherResult:  softer skin, moisturized, better looking skin overall after a few days use, not shimmeryClaim:  Product says it has"" tone enriching ribbons of moisture & mineral shimmer""The ribbon is the print on the outside, it is actually just one thick soap/moisturizer that softens & moisturizes ~ it does!  As for the mineral shimmer, it is ever so slight which I like--no obnoxious glitter.I wasn't expecting much but am very impressed with this soap. My skin feels so much better and much more moisturized stepping out of the shower.  I will surely continue to use this product!  Happy bathing!  :)"
"Doesn't smell the best, and I left it in for 45 minutes with the plastic cap on and the only color change was my scalp turning orange. My hair is exactly the same color as before I applied the henna cream. My hair was natural, no dye or anything. All natural dirty blonde hair and still dirty blonde after applying the henna."
I have the conair 1 1/4 inch hot brush but my hair is very thick and long so I wanted a bigger barrell.  This was all I could find. I read all reviews before I purchased and people either loved it or hated it.  If you have the conair first you will hate this brush.  If you have nothing to compare it to I guess it would be ok.  The cool tip at the end is too small and I kept burning my finger tips.  The on/off switch is right where your hand goes so you have to keep switching it back on.  It does not get hot enough.  If you have a lot of hair don't waste your money.  I've gone back to using my conair.  Wish it was bigger but it always makes my hair look great! I donated mine to a thrift store.  I paid for shipping and by the time I paid to have it shipped back it just wasn't worth it.  Whoever buys it will probably pay 2 dollars for it and that is about what is was worth to me.  Someone please come out with a 1 1/2 inch hot brush!!!!
"I initially purchased this with intent to use it for my hair. Argan oil is much too heavy and biosilk contains alcohol which is drying. Therefore, I opted for this oil thinking it would be light and have a lovely smell. First off, it has absolutely no noticeable scent and most importantly, even with the tiniest amount used, it leaves my hair looking so greasy and dirty which I absolutely hate. It serves of no use for hair whatsoever in my opinion. Unless you want to look like you have greasy, very stringy hair. For the price, I didn't want to just leave it sitting there occupying space, so I've been using it to moisturize my face and skin, especially after a shower and it does a very lovely job of that. But for $18...it's a severely overpriced moisturizer."
I had been looking for this product in many places and was so happy I found it. It works great
"Loss of money. With great expectations I tried the product but did not work the curler. I have long lashes, without any curve, my lashes are completely straight. the curler did not work for me.I did not get any curve, and the results are disastrous lashes. I think I would work another kind of curling as one with traditional type, such as scissor but heat. For me it was a bad purchase, the product did not fulfill my expectations.P&eacute;rdida de dinero. Con muchas expectativas prob&eacute; el producto pero el rizador no me funcion&oacute; . Yo tengo las pesta&ntilde;as, largas, sin alguna curva, son totalmente rectas. el rizador no funcion&oacute; para mi.Al probar el rizador t&eacute;rmico, not&eacute; que no obtuve alguna curva, y el resultado son pesta&ntilde;as desastrozas y las puntas abiertas. Creo que me funcionar&iacute;a otro tipo de rizador como uno con forma tracional, como tipo tijera pero t&eacute;rmico. Para mi fue una mala compra, el producto no llen&oacute; mis expectativas."
"I love Sandalwood, and this smells like a very pure form of it - it's almost a bit too sharp. It is my everyday lotion. The lotion itself is nice - not too heavy or oily.The order came fast and well-packaged."
"You get what you pay for.  The texture is very nice but the cap is a joke.  There's a crease down the inside crown when on the head  and the adjusters inside don't accomplish what they should - i.e. like other more expensive wigs.  This might be suitable for a kid's costume or for use in theater but as something to wear out in public, forget it.  The grandkids have a new play toy for 'dress up'."
"My daughter asked me to get a set of these for her hair and since the last time I tried curling I got burned with the curling iron (and have some pretty nightmarish memories of getting perms as a kid) I decided to go for it and see if they worked.After some trial and error (if you are new to the whole &#34;CurlFormer&#34; thing, DEFINITELY go to YouTube and check out the videos) we figured it out- the trick is to have slightly damp hair and do the curls in small, well-combed segments. I will admit that I was hoping we could get huge segments of hair into each curler but they aren't made that way- you have to do little sections in each curler, so it does take time.But, lo and behold, when we were done she had a beautiful head of bouncy curls. She was delighted.Be warned, these aren't quick. It took well over an hour to get all her hair into the curlers once we got the process down. And they aren't comfortable, but very few curlers are (I have memories of sleeping in those bendable foam sticks in high school). But they do work very well, if you are patient and don't mind the time it takes to get the curlers in."
Color is okay. It made my hair a medium brown shade and it did seem to have highlights as advertised. It really dried my hair out and damaged it. It has a strong chemical scent and my hair was shedding out twice as much as it usually does after I used this dye.
THE COLOR IS NOT STRONG ENOUGH OR SHINY ENOUGH.  IT IS JUST NOT A GOOD FIT FOR ME... THAT IS THE ONLY REASON I GAVE IT A STAR.
"I am new to the flat iron hair care stuff, I had no idea that price mattered. I thought it was all hype and that hair stylists did some sort of voodoo magic when I got my hair done, some sort of secret magic that I could never do at home, so I always bought the cheapest one and wondered why my hair never looked like it did when I came home from the salon.I just got this one in the mail 1/2 hour ago and immediately plugged it in to try it out.  The first thing I noticed is there is a digital read-out on the side so you can choose the temp you want.  The guide that comes with it tells you which temps are good for different types of hair so you don't damage your hair.  I adjusted it to my hair style and temp and waited for it to heat up.  It took about 1 minute and it was ready.  I could tell IMMEDIATELY a difference in my hair.  My hair is thick, curly/wavy and gets frizzy very easily, plus it never looks shiny.  I quickly ran this through my hair and my hair looks BEAUTIFUL!  It looks like I just came home from the salon.  It's super silky, very shiny and looks professionally.  I will never use a cheap flat-iron again, this one is worth every penny and then some.Even better, I am leaving for Europe on Friday and it is world voltage meaning I can use it overseas (with an adapter that I already have for my other electronics).  So now I can have ""good hair"" no matter where I am.Even if you've never had luck with hair straighteners, try this one, you won't be disappointed, I certainly am not."
Looks nothing like the picture shown. Very few of the pearl decorations in package. Will not order this product again.
"This did not work for me.  Not sure if this is a proven product or not, but I wished I hadn't made this purchase.  I did not use it as often as recommended, but did use it every time and did not see any difference.  To be honest, what worked for me was taking Biotin every day.  That supplement will make your hair grown noticeably!  After three months you will have probably twice your normal growth or more depending on your dosage."
I was looking for an all natural approach for my health and beauty needs.  I had a few breakouts on my jaw line and ran out of my acne spot treatment and decided to give this item a try.  This did not help treat any of my break outs and made my jawline and chin break out even more.  I gave this item a try for two weeks and finally gave up and bought something else that was able to clear my skin up.
"""Crown Me Already!"" (silver sparkle with various size glitter particles): This polish is amazing and got tons of comments, even from a guy that worked at Lowe's. Three coats are needed to get a solid diamond-like glitter from the nails, but after three days it started to chip off two of my nails, even with Seche Vite topcoat. The biggest problem I had was removal. This polish simply does not want to come off, even if you use a basecoat. It took nearly thirty minutes of intense scrubbing with pure acetone to finally remove the polish, and by that point my nails literally hurt. It is amazing but I will think twice about wearing this by itself again. This would NOT be good for a diamond-tip French manicure as some of the sparkles are quite large. It made the edges of my nails deadly-sharp and my boyfriend complained that I was scratching him. I even scratched my own face a few times."
"This is a very nice and pleasant tanning oil. The oil itself doesn't have any color. Used it a couple of times onyl, so I can't say anything about getting tan with it. Stopped using it when I noticed that its main ingredient is a mineral oil. Why mineral oil is bed for you skin?""Your skin is the body's largest organ, and it works together with the kidneys to rid the body of toxins. However, your skin needs to be able to breathe to perform these functions. Kim Anderson, a health care consultant to Arbonne International, states that ""mineral oil coats the skin like plastic wrap, disrupting the skin's natural immune barrier and inhibiting its ability to breathe and absorb the 'natural moisture factor' (moisture and nutrition)."" In addition, mineral oil attracts needed moisture from cells deep inside your skin. This means that cell renewal is slowed, collagen breaks down, and the connective tissue is destroyed. Normal cell development is slowed down and the skin ages prematurely when skin cells are robbed of moisture.Read more: [...]"
"I HAVE USED THIS LOTION FOR YEARS. I ONLY BOUGHT THIS LOTION B/C OF THE REVIEWS ON HERE, WHEN NORMALLY I BITE THE BULLET AND BUY IT IN A SALON. I HAVE BOUGHT MANY LOTIONS OFF OF AMAZON AND HAVE NEVER BEEN RIPPED OFF, UNTIL NOW. VERY UPSET. I GAVE IT A BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT AND USED IT A FEW TIMES A WEEK FOR A FEW WEEKS AND IT WAS NOT THE SAME AS THE OENS IN THE SALON. TEXTURE, SMELL, COLOR, EVERYTHING. ITS A KNOCK OFF. VERY PISSED. LESSON LEARNED, PEOPLE DONT WRITE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FOR NO REASON, AND THERE ARE MORE THAN ONE. I HAVE BEEN TANNING FOR 15 YRS AND HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY A CO OWNER OF A SALON.... SO I AM FULL OF KNOWLEDGE WHEN IT COMES TO TANNING BEDS, AND LOTIONS, AND THIS LADIES AND GENTLEMAN IS NOT THE REAL DEAL. SAVE YOUR MONEY, TIME, ETC. DOOOOOOOOOOO NOTTTTTTTTTT ORDER."
"I really wanted to like this ,especially after it was highly recommended, but.... it was very clumpy/goopy, (I can handle that, I applied it very carefully, used a fine tooth eye brush/comb to comb out clumps AND used my beauty blender to carefully clean up any &#34;mess&#34; left by the very thick and difficult to use brush) What I couldn't handle was the &#34;eye buggers&#34; it left in the inside corners of my eyes every time I've used this AND that it smudged/smeared very badly after about 4=5 hrs of wear every single time I wore it.  The reason I gave it 2 starts is that its not all bad.,.....it  did dramatically plump up my very thin/sparse lashes, really did look like I had on false lashes, will use this for special occasions (knowing I will need to take frequent trips to the ladies room to monitor its wear, and be prepared for touch ups). For every day use I will continue with my bare minerals mascara."
"Doesn't peel off well....I usually have to scrub it off, which defeats the entire purpose. I wouldn't get it again, would prefer other brands I've used before."
"To all of those who care about quality skincare this is an amazing product. When I picked it up from my post office I put it on my hand and it absorbed quickly and my hand was instantly and incredibly smooth and soft. I then applied it to my neck and the same result. I will be purchasing the Retinol next. When I purchased this Vitamin C Serum from Azure Naturals contacted me just to say thank you. Can you believe that?? When does a company ever reach out with a personal touch. That never happens. Before I received my product Jamie offered me a 20% discount on my next order. If you contact them they get right back to you and not make you wait for days. I really like this company and their Vitamin C Serum. I cannot wait to buy the Retinol. Try it honestly you won't be disappointed. And if for any reason you are from my brief experience already I am confident that they will help you. This is a company that takes pride in their product line and cares about their customers. What more could anyone want or expect. Great product, great company, nice people to do business with."
"This stuff works great!! You just need a little bit!! I spray once on my left side, once on my left and once in the back and brush it through, when I'm done blow drying my hair, I have no more frizz or static in my hair!! It's sooooo soft!!! I have oily hair, that's why I use just a tiny bit, I can see if I were to use more then a tiny bit, it would look greasy. I love touching my hair! Running my fingers through it!! Baby soft!! I would think if you have real dry hair you would put a little more on then me, but still you don't need much, this bottle should last me a long time, plus it wash my hair every 4 days. Hope my review helped :) have a great day!!"
it laste a long time and i use it for my afro texture hair. it was great it created alot of new growth when use properly.
"I have been wearing sunblock everyday since I was in my teens, and this is my favorite.  It is a bit pricey, but the bottle will last for a long time.  This is a great price, and I will be purchasing this again."
"Lots of brushes with a wide variety of applications. Unaffected by even pure acetone, perfect for detailed nail art designs"
My hair is definitely thicker and it helps smooth it down too. The grape smell is alright too but my hairspray usually masks it anyway
"I generally use benefit's you rebel lite under philosophy's supernatural in natural ivory. I wanted to leave a ""necessities"" makeup kit at my boyfriends house but didn't want to spend the money to buy a new one of all of my fairly expensive products knowing I wouldn't be using them on a regular basis. I should have shelled out the money for my benefit product. I have never used a bb cream before, and in all honesty was hoping it would be similar to my tinted moisturizer.... and it was. I like the feel of it, I have combination skin and it doesn't leave me oily or dry. It doesn't make me break out like some moisturizers I've used. The problem is, it's too dark. I'm fairly pale, but not porcelain, and this is too dark for me. I have to blend it way down my neck and be really careful using it so I don't have a line, and then just make sure I don't wear a white shirt :/I will be purchasing my old standby and throwing this one away. If the color matched, I'd be all about it though. It lasted all day and felt nice on my skin."
"After several weeks of using this product, I actually can say it made my skin look WORSE. I was using a light Murad lotion before, and when I ran out I switched to the product exclusively to really give it a thorough test.My first thought it that both lotions in the package felt strange and the day lotion itself was a bit too oily and heavy. I hated how greasy my face looked and felt, but I applied them as directed and hoped for the best.With a few days, my skin looked a lot more bumpy, and wrinkles were more evident. Then two weeks later, blackheads and zits started appearing, and so that was the end of it. It absolutely did not remove any signs of aging, or smooth my skin. My main concern is pigment and sun damage (I'm a competitive swimmer and even though I wear sunblock, I still get freckles and tan on my face) followed by fine lines and wrinkles, and this product did absolutely NOTHING for me. If anything, it seemed to magnify all the little wrinkles and puffy spots on my face.I've been trying different things with my skin for years now, and usually have the best luck with a combination of Murad lotions in the day and Rx prescriptions (Retin-A and hydroquinone) at night. I was hoping this might be a good, lower-cost alternative to the Murad stuff I use, but the fact that it made me skin look worse really astounds me.Maybe if you need SERIOUS moisture (this product is too rich for me) and have deep wrinkles, it might work, but if you have fine wrinkles, a normal complexion, and need a light lotion, skip this."
"I am happy to report that in just a few days, a very bad acne breakout that I have been fighting for like a year on my forehead and nothing was working finally is just about clear.  For months I had like 10 pimples in various stages of healing at any given time and just when some would start to clear up, new ones were always popping up.  I just thought I couldn't win and that it was time to accept that I have adult acne and that I should just start getting used to it. Well, in just the past few days that I started this, no new acne has developed, the 5 that were about to pop did and then didn't come back, and the two deep cystic ones are going down.  Once these two cystic ones are gone, I will finally be clear for once in such a long time!!! What I like about this is that it hasn't dried me out or irritated my skin, the texture is very nice and light and absorbs quickly, and interestingly enough, has not contributed to hyperpigmentation.  Every other BP product I have tried just wasn't worth it because of the hyperpigmentation, but this product my acne has been healing quite nice!  I hope the good progress continues!Oh and I think the advice in ""The Regimen"" makes a big difference too.  Being uber gentle with your skin, who knew that was key to the cure?  Everyone else always wants to scrub or peel your face off and do extractions...I'm so glad that this has made such a difference!!!2 weeks later:My skin is completely clear! I now need to deal with the acne scars but at least now I don't have inflamed pustules, cystic acne, and popped pimples in various stages of healing all over my forehead.  Amazing stuff!  I did have a few days of excessive dryness and then a day of thick dry plaque dryness when started to become a little overzealous with use, so I reduced the dosage for two days and then gently exfoliated the dry skin off and voila! Nice clear skin and no more pimples!  Don't skimp on the moisturizer while using this stuff.Oh, and invest in a pack of 14 white face towels.  Add them to your cart now! Use a fresh and clean towel with each wash, and just do laundry once per week.  I also think this contributed to my skin clearing up.  Always use a clean towel."
"I borrowed this straightener from a friend a while back and loved it so I had to get my own.  It works great and my hair actually stays pretty stratight all day long, unlike my Maxiglide that I bought from TV a while back that would straighten my hair but as soon as any type of moister hit, it would crinkle.  I will continue to use my Remington at this point, its pretty quick and painless!"
It was broken when received. . Very unhappy when I received this product!! Won't be ordering products any longer.. and it was not solid at all.
"I bought my item in the local drugstore, but have seen no results in the three weeks I've been using the product. I hoped for more - instead, no lift, not smoothing. Yet another eye cream that goes to ""I had high hopes"" pile. It is, however, moisturizing."
This had really good reviews on this stuff but it did nothing for my hair at all total waste of money for me.
There were many positive comments about this product.  I have been using it two times a day for several weeks and did not get the results that was expected.It did not work for me. I am going to try another product because it has a good rating.This is the first time that I gave a poor rating on any product. I buy a lot from Amazon and have been very happy with the products that I  order.
As much is i absolutely love this product there is one con: not ideal for really long nails (which i don't have but plan on growing out my nails). Other than that there are so many designs on this plate for your heart's desires. check out some youtube videos and you'll see how amazing this product is.. also google some pictures. i also recommend nail striping tapes. pretty soon you'll be making some awesome designs. highly recommend for average nail length and shorter.
Maybe it is just my hair. Everyone else seems to love this. I do have short hair and what I was looking for was a product that gave me just one wave. This poofs out my hair and creates for of a crimp. I tried both settings and it still does the same thing. Then it makes my ends look weird when I did not even use it on my ends.This is my 2nd Bed Head waver and I am giving up until my hair gets longer. They should make one smaller for those with short hair.
"I was so excited to try this product based on the reviews....and it is NOT AS GOOD AS THE REVIEWS...I'm mixed Caribbean - Cuban, Jamaican, and Puerto Rican...A lot of people think I'm Dominican because of my hair (medium length- about 4 inches past the shoulder). Based on my experience- This product is NOT a good detangler at all! Most leave-in conditioners I have used are good detanglers. Expect to use another product to detangle first before applying it if you so desire. EXPECT to have very small white flakes if you mess with your hair once this product dries. I would only recommend this product if you wash your hair everyday (not 1-3 times a week like many people with ethnic mixed hair like me). EXPECT YOUR HAIR TO LOOK DULL - you must add another product if you want shine.The first time I used this product: After Shampoo & Condition with Mizani products...I tried a Roller / Wet Set with this Mixed Chicks product with 20 minutes under a hooded ionic hair dryer (neutral air temp- NOT HOT)....when I removed the rollers the hair was so stiff like it had gel in it. It looked horrible so I had to spray water on my hair to soften it...then proceeded to detangle the hair AGAIN with a Mason Pearson detangling comb...next I let the hair AIR DRY for nearly 3 hours (and the product still wasn't dry! I couldn't believe it...) so I did a DOMINICAN BLOW OUT. The hair was finally looking decent yet it was not shiny and it only gained volume because of the brush I used. I had to add other products for shine- Semi Di Lino Diamante...because this product was not successful at moisturizing the hair. The only thing I did find good about this product is that it leaves the hair feeling soft and almost weightless after it dries.So...this product must ONLY be good for you to toss it in your hair after washing it without any detangling and just leave it in....so that you look like Mel B/G (Scary Spice) back in the day...Because thats what my hair looked like when I used this Mixed Chicks Leave-in Conditioner and DIDN'T detangle the hair and just applied it and waited all day for the product to dry...IN CONCLUSION:DO NOT.... I repeat DO NOT use this product if you plan on detangling, roller/wet setting, blow dry, wrapping, or doing a Dominican blow out.ONLY use this product as if it were mousse on wet hair and let it air dry all day long."
super great find in comparison to the beauty blender sponges! they are practically the same
"This is my all time blending brush that I reach for first if I need to do some serious blending.  It says this is small, but for me, it's one of my biggest blending brushes since my eyes are small.  The brush itself it great."
This pigment was not that good. The mac version is much more pricey but worth it. the color barely showed up on my eyelid. Even with a primer. Was very hard to get out of the bottle with my eyeshadow brush. It was cheap but not worth it.
"I love all the images on these plates. I ordered all the plates in this collection. I notice another review that said some of the images didn't transfer well and I have to say that it may be the stamper not the plate. I have the konad stamper and the winstonia stamper and I find that if an image does not transfer well I try the other stamper. The konad stamper is very firm and the winstonia stamper is super squishy. So it really makes a difference sometimes what kind of stamper you are using. Also, the polish makes a huge difference. I have tried many. Stamping polish and regular polish. My favorites are konad polish, sally hansen insta-dry polish and pure ice metallics. I have never had an issue with any of the images on any of the cheeky plates. Once you get one of these you will want them all! I must also mention that if you are wondering which stamper to get I would get one of each for sure, the konad double end stamper and the winstonia stamper. I use the winstonia stamper about 90% of the time. But some of the more intricate images with a lot of tiny detail need the more firm stamper to get a sharp crisp image. Also the size of these plates in my opinion are perfect, not too large and the plastic backing prevents the plate from warping.  Hope this helps!!"
"I am in the beginning of 30s, and started to notice all the wrinkles and experimented with different stuff... then I came across the advertisement of 'lifecell', and purchased one. It does not worth the money, I don't see what they claim, and after 2 months of using this product only since it claims to be the all in one skin care, I started to notice my wrinkles on the forehead is starting to come back/ getting worse.The surface of my skin seems to stay smooth, but other than that I really don't see what this product is doing for the money I paid for. I am discontinuing the use of lifecell and go back to my usual combination of creams and serums. When it sounds too good to be true, you know what.When you purchase the first box, it will automatically sign you up for the automatic future shipment, so make sure you pay attention to it. Also, if you want to return for money back as they claim, you need to keep the box!!! I wish I did."
"Unlike any other false eyelashes, this false eyelashes is extremely uncomfortable. It's too long, hard & thick & It's not soft & seems like it made out of fake feathers. Overall, I'm not satisfied."
"In general, I think toners are a waste of time.This is going to sound stupid, but the graphics on the bottle were the primary attraction.  I came across this product at a a natural health foods store in the area.  Alcohol-free...I like that too.  I've been steaming my face a couple of times a week, and thought this would be a good way to remove excess cleanser and close my pores.I really like the scent, texture (it's a bit moisturizing), and how it preps my skin before my moisturizer (I use jojoba oil).  I have not had any problems with irritation, and have been using it at least twice a day for 3.5 months on my drier, hormonal-acne-prone skin.  If I'm going to mess with a toner, this will be the one I use."
Does not hold my hair (yes it is a bit thick and wavy). Broke on the 3rd wear. It may be cheap but its still a waste of money.
"The air compressor came scratched up. I wonder if the item was used, returned and restocked. Even on high, not much came of of the air brush. When it did come out it was huge splatter, not a fine mist. It did not cover my skin no matter how much color mixing or primer I used. After application my face felt sticky. This did not cover anything on my face. I returned mine. Save your time and money and skip this."
"This product is amazing! I wasn't quite sure if this product would do what it said that it would do. After I washed my hair, I tried putting a generous amount of this product into my hair, hoping for the best. Amazingly, to my surprise, when I combed my hair I couldn't believe how it was so easy to comb though. I am African American and I have very thick, kinky, and curly hair that's very hard to comb after shampooing and using a regular leave-in treatment conditioner. I have tried all kinds of leave-in treatment conditioners and nothing has ever worked quite as good as this product has for my unruly type of hair. I believe that this product will work great on any other hair type as well. If this product works great on my type of hair, it will work great on yours too. I highly recommend this product to anyone that has a hard time combing out your hair after shampooing. Redken, I hope you always continue to make this product, it's great! I am a customer for life."
"So I ordered these January 27th and received them today February 28th so that's quite a while but it was worth it. I did receive product as described 10pc striping tape the colors: silver, purple, blue, red, pink, gold, white, green, sparkly gold, and sparkly purple and there is a pretty good amt of each on the roll will deff take me awhile to use it all. So all in all it was a great purchase :)"
this was a huge waste of money. did not work on my oily face. i was oily after 30mins. i will not buy this again. i just tried OC 8 Professional mattifying gel and i loved it. i do not recommend this product to anyone
I was able to try out this soap for free in exchange for an honest review and was happy with the results. I love the fact it is 100% natural. I can see a difference in my skin and feel a difference as well.I can see the huge improvement with my acne since using this product. I recommend it.
I've been using this about every other day because I read somewhere that high frequency can be drying.  I'm not sure if it's really working.  I don't see drastic improvement.  But it hasn't been that long so I'm keeping an open mind.
"I have to admit, I'm impressed by Tresemme's new line of ""Collections"" shampoos and conditioners. I've been working my way through them all with coupons I have, but I'd yet to try Keratin Smooth. This one is by far my favorite.I have thick, wavy/curly hair that frizzes nicely in humidity and in winter we have a pellet stove running all the time, so my hair dries out and becomes staticky. I reach a point where I tend to give up getting my hair to do much of anything and just use a clip to put it up all the time. Hands down, I had the BEST hair day with Keratin Smooth.I love the smell. It's clean, a little citrusy, a little apple-y, not really overly perfumey, just nice and light. I left the conditioner in for a couple of minutes, it rinsed out nicely. Then can the real test. After towel drying, used my dryer and scrunched it up so that the layers would wave and not a frizz appeared. I used a little gel for hold and it lasted all day. I never had it frizz up, and even my daughter said she'd never seen my hair look that good, even after a trip to the salon.I'm sold. I went out and bought more bottles of Tresemme shampoo, conditioner, and the styling products to make sure I have a good stock on hand just in case they discontinue it. It's new, so I doubt that will happen, but I've had favorite products disappear before, so I'm not taking chances."
"I don't know why they call this oil control moisturizer, because it doesn't leave a matte finish on the skin nor does it remotely control oil throughout the day. I don't expect miracles, but when I apply my moisturizer and makeup at 7 am, I don't want to be shiny faced by 9 am! Quite honestly, I am less shiny when I don't use this. And for over $15, that's not acceptable."
"I use tea tree oil for bug sting/bits, sores, itchy skin, wounds for healing, disinfection and sanitizing."
"perfect size rhinestones for nail art and the case is very cute, organized and convenient to use. I love this product"
"I was very impressed with this product. I found it delivered on it's promises and the price is an excellent value for what you get. I'm not sure why other reviewers found the instructions unclear. They're easy, you get 7 tubes, you put one tube on your hair every day for 7 days in a row. You can buy a new box every month and do the treatment again for 7 days each month.I have extremely long hair and at first I thought that there was no way one of those little tubes was going to cut it. But I was really surprised, one tube was more than enough for my hair. If you had short hair, you could totally get away with only half a tube at a time.I noticed a difference in my hair after the first day. It's shinier and softer and much easier to comb out. It's a great product at the right price point."
i have been using and trying a lot of their color and since i have brown color hair i need tobleach it to get the right effect this one i havent used yet.got a lot of complementgot it on timeif u like color u should try their products.
"I absolutely love the gel nails I get done at the salon, but the process seemed simply enough for me to try to do it at home. I ordered this set and was excited as it was supposed to come with a DVD or instructions. All that was shipped was the box with the different application bottles, which seemed damaged in shipment.I had to go on youtube and research on my own to figure out how to and what to use each bottle for.The Foundation seems way more gummy and it will take some practice I guess on applying thinner coats? Like they seem to do in the salon, but since it is the same brand my salon uses I decided to not send it back.One concern I had, my nails are very healthy, but when i apply the foundation/base code(mind I do not omit any steps) and put it under the UV light, if burns for the first 3 seconds. I never experienced this at the nail salon.Since others left such positive reviews I will continue to try it out. Tried it out one more time, what a disappointment, am sending the kit and the UV LAMP back, the burning sensation continued, my nail tech advised something must be wrong with the gel application kit or UV Lamp or both.Meanwhile it definitely took a toll on my nails and I definitley will go back to the salon to get my gel nails done the right way."
"If you want to keep your skin in good shape and you're not a youngster I recommend this product.  I have always trust Neutrogena and with this product my trust has paid off.  My skin feels great and really clean, thanks neutrogena"
"Lathers nicely, feels good. Only time will tell if it does all it is meant to do. The scent is very mild. Not gender-specific... could be used by anyone. We like it in our family. Will update how the hair feels after a month or so. Thanks for amazon for a chance to try it. We like Tresemme products."
"Fresh light sent that brings to mind the outdoors after the rain. Not a heavy lather but it goes get the body clean and does not leave an odd film on the body.As this is a generous portion at nearly 17 ounces it will also last for quite a while as it takes very little, roughly the size of a half dollar to get the job done."
"The thing I like best about this lip gloss is the color.  Autumn Haze is a subtle, neutral shade that enhances your natural lip color but never overpowers.  But those who prefer to make a bolder statement are in luck too because this gloss comes in 11 other shades ranging from the neutrals like Autumn Haze to pinks, reds and plums.Not only is it beautiful, but Burt's Bees is good for your lips.  The list of ingredients includes sunflower oil, castor seed oil, beeswax, olive fruit oil and jojoba esters, all of which are designed to combine with other nutrients to keep your lips soft and well hydrated.While it's not slick, it goes on smoothly with its sponge-like applicator.  It does feel slightly waxy (perhaps from the addition of beeswax in the formula) but I don't mind that, in fact, I rather like it.  There's no detectable taste or scent and I find it stays on about as long as other lip glosses I've tried.  In short, it's a great substitute for lipstick."
This product doesn't work in that a person can't get their head inside the unit where the heat comes out...very cumbersome. We bought a standing version instead and it's much better.
"I have used this quite a few times over the past month since I've received it, and it adds a nice bit of softness to my hair, which is already pretty silky. I probably wouldn't purchase this again because of the price, unless my hair became very dry and hard to manage. (Which is possible since I travel periodically and am subjected to different water and weather conditions.)"
"YAAAAAAHOOOOZZZZAAA!  Love love love it...want it in a larger size!  The results and benefits over other things I have tried are beyond!  Even using it on my scalp...would tell people with any skin issue including scars, psoriasis etc.. try it!  Even though it is &#34;acid'', that refers to the chemical description!  It is not corrosive or abrasive...feels awesome!"
"So I looked it up - beauty balm; blemish balm; blemish base: It stated in the Asain markets as an all in one cream (moisturizer/foundation/sunscreen)I have used it in the florida winter sun on my 50 year old skin for over a month now and can't say I would buy again - my estee lauder eye coverup did a better job at all three functions for half the price.More BB info From the Huffington Post - ""The key to the BB Cream is to apply sparingly -- generally a pea-sized amount dotted on the forehead, under-eyes, nose chin and cheeks and blended well into the skin is enough to provide natural-looking coverage. Applied with or without moisturizer underneath and some finish off with a dusting of powder. Some have remarked they could replace their foundation with BB Cream, where others think BB is best suited to a natural weekend look and not meant to replace full foundation; others think it works well as a primer under their regular makeup"""
"You put a pad on this, wet it, and push a button that sort of makes it vibrate a bit and wash your face with it.  It's supposed to exfoliate and get you really clean. I didn't find it worked any better than washing my face any other way.  I like Neutrogena products as a rule, so this was a disappointment.  Save your money."
"It's ok, but nothing special.  A good professional brand leave in conditioner will do just as well if not better, at a lower cost.  The smell isn't all that great either."
"made me break out, red bumps then second i put it on... the retinal suppostto even out and reduce dark spots along with the vitamin C... what i seen wasthe direct opposite.. it doesnt tone doesnt reduce againg,, it acutally increases againg..not for me but give it a try,,, everyone skin respons differently.."
Wish I could give this 0 stars. Doesn't blend. As thick as cement. I'll keep using my $7 Maybelline concealer thank you very much.
"I had originally used PSSSSST for Brunettes after finding it in Ulta.  I really liked it, but when I ran out I couldn't find it ANYWHERE.  I tried a couple of others before trying the Batiste Brunette, but wasn't really impressed...they would do in a rush as opposed to not having anything else to use. When I found this product I wasn't sure it would be any different, but I was WRONG! Not only does it work as it should, it really smells nice.  If you follow the instructions (imperative!), and use it sparingly at each section I'm sure you'll be happy with it.  I have oily hair, and when necessary (ocasionally) I can go up to three days without shampooing.  I normally shampoo every day.  I've read that it isn't good for the hair to shampoo every day, so when I have to skip shampoos I use this product and I'm sure it's a good thing!  OH!  One other thing...the spray spout on every dry shampoo I've tried would clog up ocassionally.  This one is no different.  When you're finished using it wash the spout before storing the can..."
"I am about to purchase my second jar of Michael Todd's Knu - - I also got it in a Living Social Deal.I am not sure why people don't like it either.  I am not sure how it works, or what exactly it is doing to my face but it definitely smooths out my skin, truly leaving a silky healthy look to it.  It seems to smooth out the skin, yet it isn't a moisturizer.  I use moisturizer on top of it (I also have dry skin and no, I don't get the flakes that people talk about.)The smell is not offensive.  It kind of, yeah, glue-ish, but I don't smell it anymore once I close up the jar.  It isn't over powering anyway. Let me put my review this way:  I am about to buy another jar.  I am glad I can buy it here on Amazon and not spend $150, but IF I had to spend $150 I would.  No joke.  I really like how it leaves my skin looking - - it also seems to get better and better as I use it."
"Highly recommend this lotion for foot massages. It goes on a little &#34;wet&#34; but is soon rubbed in and doesn't leave feet feeling all greasy and nasty, but very smooth and satiny. The smell is good, not too strong, but pleasant. Some lotions are overwhelming, but this one is not. Light lemony scent with just a hint of coconut beneath it.Great price for this bottle too--nice to not spend $9.99 on a little tiny bottle of lotion--this is a full 32 ounces, and seems to last a long time.Without researching it too deeply, the ingredients all appear to be pretty innocuous, and it's free of lots of things like Parabens,  polysorbate, EDTA, etc. My husband and I try to massage each others feet and upper back every night, so it's important for us to not use lotions full of harmful chemicals.We have used a lot of lotions and oils through the years, and I have to say, this lotion pleases us both, so we will continue to use it. We like it as well as the Sacred Earth Massage Cream we used to us. Next order, we will try the other scents too."
Lineur Intense felt tip carbon black eyeliner. I like the smooth way that it glides on but i am so dissapointed in the product because it starts to flake off as soon as it drys! Before I even get out the door of my home it's already started flaking! I have never had a problem like this with a L'OREAL product before.
"I fell in love with the color and the style in the picture. However, there were clumps of hair falling out when I pulled it out of the bag it came in. I hated the thought of sending it back but couldn't risk wearing it out and finding clumps of hair on my clothes or in my food! I got an ok to return it but then the return address label said I had to pay for shipping it back to CHINA! Instead I threw it away since I had already lost enough money I wasn't going to invest more in a bad decision to buy the wig in the first place."
First off I was desperate for an acne medication. I searched acne on amazon and this came out first. I searched it up and bought it at Vitamin Store for 6.49$. It works SO well!!! It really does pulse! the formula I do: 1 tablespoon clay mix 1 tablespoon RAW Apple cider vinegar. This will make more than enough clay mixture for your face. I will do an update on this in about a week.
"For those who've actually read what the product is supposed to do, it's meant to be a boost to your hair. It's not really meant to detangle, and if you follow the directions, you will see the results.After a shower, I massage this into my roots, just like you're supposed to, and it does help to detangle my hair. Yes, it's not the greatest at detangling, but it's just a boosting leave in spray. I sleep with it in, and when I wake up in the morning, I have noticed some instant results. My hair at the roots looks plain healthy. It's shiny, and ultra smooth. I have frizzy hair that normally looks dry, but after I started using this spray, the difference was instant.It does have a smell, like eucalyptus and mint crossed together, which is rather pleasant, and leaves my hair smelling a bit like I just came from the salon.Overall, I have noticed a big difference in the texture of my hair on the nights that I use this, and the nights that I don't. It's meant to be a leave in spray to boost your roots, and for me, it's definitely a staple."
"I have nail polish that does not dry quickly. Instead of doing the girlie hand phial thing or placing my hands I front of a fan, I just place 1 or 2 drops on each nail and within a few seconds, my nails are instantly dry. I recommend using this on nails with 2 coats of polish anything more and it tends to smear the underplaying coats leaving bad indentations on your nails causing you only to repeat the process again.-jilly"
Works and smells great. Makes my skin incredibly soft. Recommend to those wanting something a little cheaper to get the job done.
This little gadget really works good on your skin .  This is my first time trying it. Thanks !  It 's good on cleaning your skin and pores.
"I used Fekkai Prx Oil very sparingly. I put just a bit in the palm of my hands, rubbed it to warm it and applied it directly to the bottom half of my hair after combing out all the tangles. I lightly combed through once again and let it air dry. Once it was dry, I saw little difference in the feel of my hair, and did look a bit limper, as if it had lost some of the fullness of freshly washed hair. The next day, upon returning home from work, I looked in the mirror and was very disappointed to find that my hair looked like it needed to be washed again. It didn't look dirty, but it looked like the fresh look of just done hair was all gone. Not what I am looking for in a hair product! Bummer!On the packaging: Very, very classy looking! The cardboard outer package and the inside glass bottle have a fabulous appearance. However, the cap/bottle leaks, and when you are dealing with oil that is really a problem. Secondly, the little wand inside will be useless when the product gets close to the bottom. Positive note: The scent is fabulous!All factors considered, this is not a product I will purchase. There are way too many others out there that perform better and will not take the fresh appearance away from my hair on the first day."
"This is fantastic mascara.  I like the brown even though I have very dark brown, almost black hair, because the brown is softer looking.  I like my makeup to not be too artificial looking.  If I only apply one coat of this, it comes out so natural looking that I think it could fool people into thinking I just have really nice eyelashes.  Three coats and my lashes almost look like false eyelashes, they are so long and thick, but still separated.  I don't know why it's called smudgeproof, it really is waterproof and a bit hard to remove with my regular facial cleanser.  Great stuff, anyway.  I hope they never discontinue it."
I was expecting a fresh and sweet scent and was greatly disappointed. I think the scent is too.. Mature and a tad too musky.
"The problem with a lot of ""organic"" hair products is that they really don't do a very good job at hydrating the hair. This product left my hair dry, brittle and coarse-feeling. I will not be using this product again."
"The spray is ok.... At least for the first two days. After that the nozzle was completely stuck. The spray is hard as glue. Could not even open it up with a knife. So if you are looking for glueing or cementing something, this is your product. If you want an easy product that detangles, then think twice. I am returning the product."
"Got a sample in the mail of the new Ever Sleek shampoo, conditioner, and leave in conditioner.  The shampoo and conditioner were ""fine"" meaning, they didn't do anything special for my hair; nothing as promised on the bottle...just ""fine"".The leave in treatment on the other hand.. HATED IT! Sticky, greasy, yucky mess. I added a pea size amt to my palm and smoothed it all over my hair concentrating on the ends like it suggested. It even looks like lotion, it is thick and white. When I went to style it, it wouldn't dry, I blew it dry and combed it out. It felt like I had a glob of lotion in my hair. It was sticky, and would not hold curl on the ends like I normally style it. It looks ok but when you touch it, it just feels gross and greasy. I threw the rest of the sample away. I never want this junk in my hair again!  I will stick with the nice spray leave in treatments I have been using thank you very much.I guess if you have REALLY frizzy coarse hair, you may like this stuff, but if you have fine slighly frizzy hair or if you plan to put a curling iron thru your hair do not use this. You probably won't like it.I""m happy I didn't pay for a full size."
The texture is waxy and just sits a top your lips. The color is not flattering on olive skin either.  It is really well pigmented but lookslike you took paint to your lips and it just sits there.
"I had to send this back, as was too heavy for my wrist and rotator cuff problems.  Thought it was reviewed as lightweight.  Might work out fine for other people."
What can I say this is great conditioner. People always notice my gray/silver hair. They always tell me how great it looks. Shinny and no yellowing. If you got to have gray hair you might as well make it work for you.
"Lies lies lies. I shouldn't have believed these positive reviews!! This is like mascara from early 90s or something, just black stain on your lashes, that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump. Oh yes it's waterproof so it gets a one star, thats the only good thing about it....it definitely isn't pretty!!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME. Wasted my money thank u very much! Sigh. I want my money backkkkkkkkkk!! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding!!! D:&lt;I should've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead......"
"These were pretty cheap, but I figured it would be ok just to practice acrylic nails on boy was I wrong. First off when I opened the package they were in a dirty old zip lock bag, no receipt (I have always received a receipt with my order). Its really hard to work on a nail when the nail doesn't stay. Will probably not repurchase!"
"I use this every time i wash a co wash an it works great, not sticky doesn't make my hair feel heavy, leaves it very light, smells nice, i recommend to anyone who is natural an needs a too leave-in for dry hair."
"Step 1 and 2 are okay, but step 3 is so drying that my face can't handle it.  This system dried out my skin too much.  I would recommend this for men and women who are not prone to dry skin."
"It was not at all helpful to my skin. I am a person that used to look for answers to skin problems and this was not it. I found my answer but, it is not Rosewater. This sits under my sink and maybe i'll mix it with my Indian clay or something. May work for some but, not me."
"I have oily skin, so bought this foundation due to the reviews that it improved the appearance of skin and provided good coverage.  The consistency was silicone like, so settled into my pores accentuating them.  After the first application, it didn't even look like I had make up on, so I applied another layer, which didn't make a bit of a difference.  Also, the product must have gotten to near my eye because it burned, and made my eye blurry.  It was so uncomfortable, I ended up taking the make up off... I'll be returning it for something that does what I need."
"We have been using this for years on our grandson's hair.  This is simple to use as it sprays on and it is a gentle formula that is tear-free and easy on his eyes.  We applied it normally to his wet hair after a shower but sometimes when he took his shower before he went to bed this was the answer to bed head in the morning.It quickly detangled his hair and made it easy to comb or brush.  It also has a nice fragrance and even my wife has used it on occasion.  The only problem we have is that now he has a burr haircut for the summer and we don't need to use this, at least for a while!"
"This product not only didn't cover gray, but it didn't grab my hair at all.  Not worth the price and special order."
"After reading all the positive reviews I was so hopeful. My nails have always peeled, been weak/thin and brake/chip easily. Used this product for several weeks, as directed and it did not make one bit of difference. No change what so ever. :("
"I just switched to this product after using a more expensive face cream for some time now.This is a MUCH more affordable option and so far is working great!I have VERY dry, acne prone skin so finding a face cream that is moisturizing enough but won't make me break out is a nightmare! This seems to do the trick. It smells great, feels great going on and keeps my face hydrated all day long. It IS a little greasy, but since my skin is SO dry that is not an issue for me - others may like it only as a night cream due to the greasiness."
I only &#34;tried&#34; to use it maybe 3 times and it won't even come on anymore. The top part won't stay connected to the bottom after putting the batteries inside. The bits don't even file nails very well. I hate that I wasted money on this
I dont care for this product because it does not work. I have used other eyelid primers that worked better. When I used this it was like I put foundation on my eye lids.
Bought this because I was starting to do my own nails.  It saved some time over using a hand file but............I only used it about 6 times and it stopped working.  Glad it didn't cost too much but still out a few bucks....Not happy.
"I did my eyebrows as usual, as in, filled them in with pencil and powder.Then, I put this product on over my brows, and nothing.My brows just look coated in clear gel, but do not stay in place. I arch my brows upwards but my natural brows tend to slope downwards. I bought this to keep them up but it didn't work at all. It made no difference other than making them more glossy which I don't like. I prefer matte brows.Not attractive and not worth the money."
"I wish I read the other reviews before I bought this. I would have NEVER bought this shampoo had I known it had moisture BEADS in it, I use a shampoo to WASH things OUT of my hair not ADD odd things too it. The beads stay in your hair?! Plus It's REALLY thick and not in a thick and rich and creamy way but thick like a hair gel paste way and it's hard to lather its so thick. It was hard to rinse out and left my hair feeling like STRAW and KNOTTED. I literally couldn't COMB my hair with a wide tooth comb after using this there were visible knots in my hair. I have thin flat hair and this made it much worse plus all knotted and dry. Gross. I felt like I needed to get right back in the shower. Never again."
"I had really high expectations for this product but unfortunately my skin did not respond well to this at all.  I have dry/sensitive skin with very mild rosacea and bubzbeauty mentioned this product in one of her youtube videos.  I use a lot of asian products such as Cure, JuJu Aquamoist and Hada Labo which are all great for sensitive and dry skin.  This one didn't work for me, it irritated my skin and caused it to flare up.  It is very moisturizing and hydrating but if you have sensitive skin, I wouldn't recommend it to you."
"This brush is so soft, so dense and it is so pretty to look at. The quality is amazing! I had no plan as to what I was going to use this brush for, I just wanted it. It is a multi tasker in my brush collection. It really gives foundation a air brushed finish.  I also like using it with setting powder or with my Tarte Amazoian Clay 12 hour powder foundation.  It's a multi purpose brush and I am so happy to own it."
"Applying the foam was easy and neater than liquid color, however I am embarrassed to leave the house now. Where my hair was gray is now bright red and the rest of it is dark brown. I can only imagine how I look in the sunlight. I hope this color fades quickly."
"I understand they are probably not meant for everyday use but for the price I thought I'd order them anyways. Came Fast, but the box was all tore up and the lashes smelled like chemicals. They are really stiff, and made of plastic. Not too mention really, really long ! Not too happy, but hey for the price I can't complain too much. You get what you pay for. Buy at your own risk !"
"Just starting using it, it feels nice on the lashes!  I will have to give it a couple of days to review it!"
This perfume smells so beautiful!  Will wear everyday! The scent  Seems to be long lasting. Will purchase again in the future.
"I like cleansing wipes, and tried these because of the price. However, they are not very good at removing makeup. I've gone back to the other Olay Daily Facial cloths, which are MUCH more effective.I would not buy this product again."
I felt like it didn't do anything to my hair and it left a film that I hate in my hair. Not my fave Suave product.
"Years of powerlifting have left the insides of my hands calloused, but those never bother me.  But, when callouses started to form on the outer edge of both feet, I realized how aggravating and painful a simple callous can be.  For years, I did the ""manly"" thing and used nail clippers to clip away at the hardened skin.  The angle was difficult to reach, often resulting in the accidental clipping of non-calloused skin (not fun).  Rather than continue the unnecessary blood-letting, I opted to try the PROFOOT PEDI-ROCK and stopped butchering the sides of my feet with the clippers.WHAT IT ISThe PEDI-ROCK is semi-squishy ""blob"" completely covered in silicon carbide crystal ... an avocado shaped (and sized) sanding block for your feet.HOW IT WORKSThe PEDI-ROCK's rough surface and oblong shape not only allows a sure grip for hands of all sizes but a variety of filing angles to address large and small surface areas.  Filing is easy, simply grab the rock and ""sand"" the calloused area; it can be used wet or dry.  While the silicon carbide crystal is rough enough to grind down a callous, it has a rather smooth feel to it.  The rock rinses clean with ease.The PROFOOT PEDI-ROCK's flexibility and odd shape are what make this thing work so well. as it is easy to hold regardless of how vigorously you attack the pesky callous.  The rock's fine-grit surface allows for snag-free ""sanding"" which leaves the skin feeling smooth."
I have searched far and wide for the perfect nail strengthener and this is it. I cannot even explain how amazing this stuff is and it works even the first time you use it!
"I went into Sally's today looking for a product that would help with frizz, but not make my hair look greasy, or on the flip side, sticky.  I have fine hair that's semi-oily. I was directed toward this product with the assurance that it wouldn't make my hair look greasy.  I used a small amount. My hair looks like I haven't washed it in 2 days.  This product will be relegated to the deep basket of products under my sink that I'll use if it ever becomes fashionable to look like someone could fry bacon in my hair 45 minutes after I just washed it. UGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  If I was smart, I'd just realize if I'm going to use any kind of hair product, I have to pick between greasy and sticky."
"I love the Moroccan Oil treatment that you put in your hair before blow drying as well as their shampoo and conditioner.  They are some of the best hair products I have ever used.  However, I was not impressed with the restorative treatment.  I have used their standard conditioning treatment and like it much better.  Like I said, the Moroccan Oil Products have been amazingly fabulous, and I would HIGHLY recommend them to everyone.  It's just that this particular one I found to be disappointing."
These r the worst brushes I ever got they r so do stiff u can't even do what u want to do on your nail the brush came off the handle and the paint did too buy cheap get cheap don't buy these at all buyers beware
the only thing i didnt like about this item is that i was hoping to get a thicker/wider brow stencil because thicker brows are in
"It has very bad smell, and people around can't stand this. I don't know if it works or not, but I stopped using it due to the somplains of my son.."
Helps my eyebrows grow back in but you have to continue using it or they go right back to being thin again.
"I am enjoying the new, fresh scents that Dove has offered in their body washes.  This one is nice and fruity but not too heavy.I enjoy the Dove body washes.  They clean well and are smooth. I also think they are very good for shaving as well as washing."
Ever thing came mixed up and stuff between the the tray when you tried to turn it to the color you want just terrible.
"All in all I found that using my John Frieda Frizz-Ease Hair Serum, scrunching my hair and letting it dry normally, worked better at giving me a soft curl.  It's not as thick and is easier to add more and run it through my hair.  I'll stick with that."
"PID WRINKLE REPAIR IS A TRUE AND GREAT NAME FOR THIS PRODUCT. I LOVE IT AND YES, I RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I wanted a face cleaning tool that wasn't too scratchy or rough, but this one is too soft.  It doesn't feel like there is any scrubbing/exfoliating going on at all, and my normally dry skin has started to break out b/c it's just not clean enough."
"It came off my head really easily, and pulls out a lot of hair with it. Though it is very pretty"
"I am mildly allergic to most Herbal Essences products (they cause me scalp to break out in sores), but when I saw that they had a &#34;Naked&#34; Cleansing Conditioner, and when I read that it is a competitor to my expensive infomercial cleansing conditioner, I bought it.  I thought the &#34;naked&#34; label might mean there are fewer chemicals in it, and thus I would have fewer issues.Thankfully, I don't seem to be allergic to this cleansing conditioner.  That's a good thing.  HOWEVER, a bad thing about this cleansing conditioner is that I don't think I can use it very often because the floral scent is SO overpowering that I feel sick when I first pump it into my hand.  It gives me a terrible headache!  Washing it out doesn't help all that much because the scent lingers.  Ew.I tried it cleansing conditioner a few times, and never got accustomed to the floral scent.  It is very, very strong.As a product, I think this cleansing conditioner is about as effective as a 2-in-1 shampoo.  While this product doesn't contain sulfates, so it isn't as harsh as a 2-in-1 shampoo, it isn't effective as a conditioner at all.  My hair wasn't left feeling soft in the least.  Therefore, I'd say this is NOT a competitor for the expensive infomercial cleansing conditioner."
I have been using Denman forever. I have my own 9-row Denman but I bought this for my young daughter whose hair is quite thick. This one is light weight but it has rubberized pad so it styles her hair real easy and well. No tangles. I would recommend this brush.
"I have tried everything so it wouldn't  be the frizz ball it was when I washed it. I bought that one they sell on tv which works great on thick  hair, but not shoulder length. My thinning, fine hair despaired and it was a constant pony tail time. I bought this and my hair is shiny&straight, and just loving it. My hair dries really fast so I don't need the high heat."
"yes , i used it right , yes it did it again and again , there is NOTHING fabulous about this overpriced pretentious shampoo  , if you are buying this i may as well be able to sell you air , works no better than any other shampoo on the market for a lot less"
"I must say i have tried dozens of products looking for something that will make my dry, brittle, damaged hair look and feel healthy. When i saw this product that claimed to repair damage i figured i would give it a shot. Wow, i am amazed at how well this worked for my hair. It it very creamy and doesn't have a very strong smell, which i love. I coated my hair with this and covered with a shower cap. I left this on my hair for 30 minutes than rinsed it off in the shower. Even when my hair was wet I could tell that my hair felt softer. After i dried and straightened my hair (eek i know heat is harmful, but i cant stop) it looked amazing. I could not stop running my hands through it. Usually when i sleep on my hair it gets so knotty by the morning. When i woke up my hair will still soft and knot free. This has become a staple in my hair care routine and would recommed this to someone who has tried everything under the sun with no results."
TOXIC please pay attention to the ingredients in the things you buy. This is chemical filled unnecessary nonsense. Not to mention plastic is bad for the environment and our drinking water on top of the fact that the contents of this soap are bad enough by themselves.
I enjoy the fact that this product offers both Vitamin C and E as its ingredients. It leaves the skin feeling soft and hydrated. This is important for me because during the summer especially my skin gets dry and needs a good moisturizer. I would recommend this product to anyone looking to hydrate their skin and keep it looking healthy.
This product was a let down for me. It doesn't really work for me. Maybe it's because I have waist length hair. First I ruffed dried my hair with my blow dryer as indicated on the Youtube tutorial made by HotandFlashy. But I didn't like the way it styled my hair. I guess it's all in hair preference and I prefer my long hair straight. I only use it once and didn't like the feel of my hair afterwards. So now this product is just resting in my bathroom closet unused. So to me this product was a waste of time and money.
"I have very fair, sensitive skin.  I also have problems with periodic breakouts.  This has helped minimize the breakouts and balance my PH, all without irritating my skin.  I use it before applying any other moisturizers or makeup, and periodically throughout the day if I'm not wearing makeup but want to avoid oily skin.  I love how it feels and how it works and am now keeping it on hand."
well after 1 use of these each the sponge material tore and the metal is exposed was cheap yet still not worth it
"This is truly a great face cream! Works wonders from me but bought off amazon and it had that old lotion smell and it made my face burn when I put it on :/ I do recommend it, just not off here, too old of shelf life!!!!!"
"This is my absolutely favorite color thus far. It is vibrant and bright, but not neon or obnoxious.As far as the brand, Gelish is by far my favorite of the gel polishes, I don't see myself using any other brand or paying for another manicure as long as Gelish keeps producing quality products and great colors."
"Beautiful, well made, and looks very expensive & is heavy/sturdy!!!! Whenever I wear it, I get a compliment lol! No joke :-)"
"I bought this lotion from my tanning salon when it came out. First too much always came out of the bottle and when the bottle got low it was very difficult to get the product out, and on top of that it wasnt very moisturizing it felt like applying silk to your face and felt like silky powder once applied which is nice but it was obviously just a silicone feeling and I got absolutely no color from it there was no difference what so ever from this product."
"Very pretty color. Nothing was quite like the pic to me. But I love it, and I won't be returning it. Very very well made, and a lovely brown color. Well cut, too."
"The conditioning of this shampoo is quite good, and it never left my hair frizzy or dry. As for the dry scalp prevention or treatment, it works better than a regular shampoo, but not quite as good as one of the dandruff brands that is made for dry scalp. The problem is, those dandruff brands can be hard on the hair. So I used this shampoo every other day, alternating with the harsher brand, and it worked out pretty well. The scent was a bit overpowering. It cleaned the hair well, and I was able to use less so a bottle lasted for a good month, even with my long and thick hair."
This cuticule remover ir really good. Is very liquid so I use with a cotton ball but is awesome and do what is supposed.
"I don't know why, but the product I got from Amazon almost seems &#34;generic.&#34; It did not perform the same, or anywhere near as well, as the Dove Nourishing Oil products I purchased at my local CVS. I wonder what the reason for this is?I am very disappointed."
"One more over-rated and over priced Kerastase product.  Again,...one can get the same results w/a much, much less expensive product.  When something is suppose to add volume,..I expect to see REAL volume!  I know it can't do miracles,..but dont hype it up and price it up when it does just a mediocre job at best."
"I have some mild acne scars and uneven skin tone with slight redness on my cheeks and sides of my nose.  I've been using this product for a few months.  It works ok as a serum, but I don't observe improvement in the dark spots and redness.  Everyone's skin is different, and I'm Asian, so I can't conclude that it won't be effective for someone else.It is worth trying because it's inexpensive, and as I said, works ok as a serum in general."
"My wife tried the Dove Hair Styling Root Spray Lift multiple times, hoping to find an inexpensive alternative to what she currently uses. She was very disappointed with this product, saying it just makes her hair feel heavy and look dirty. She has had great success with the more expensiveToni&Guy; Casual Sculpting Powder. She is throwing out the rest of this."
"I  have mature sensitive skin and I added this and the night cream at the same time. If there isn't enough moisture for you, you can add a moisturizer that can be used over both the day and night. This has been a good choice for me with two weeks for great results.I use Freeman Cucumber Peel Mask and Pomegranate Peel Mask in the morning (alternate every other day) and a 'Smoothies' for what was that deep crease between the brow line (no possibility of getting anything in my eyes).The great thing is that all the products are available with Amazon prime . . . even the body cleanser and lotions. I admit it! I do not enjoy 'real' shopping.As with any new skin care product, be sure to read the directions and do a 'patch test.' Retinol can cause irritation. Certainly worth trying![68 years old and daily time total for skin care is 20 minutes or less.]"
"I suffered from a rash (eczema, I think) and was trying different things to help. I am not exaggerating when I say that maybe a couple of hours passed after using this soap and my rash was already diminishing.  I have been pretty consistent with using this soap and my symptoms are almost completely gone after using it for a couple of weeks.  I am truly amazed and so happy that something so simple and inexpensive could help me so much!  I don't exactly know why it works, all I can say is that it did and I will definitely continue to use this long-term.-----------UPDATE: It took about 3-4 weeks of consistent use and my rash is completely gone.  I also noticed that it has helped significantly with my dry skin. I used to have to apply lotion many times a day and still had hands so dry that they cracked and bled. One day I realized that I hadn't used any lotion for weeks and my hands were fine. I'm sold! Even if this is more expensive than regular hand soap, it's a lot cheaper than buying tons of expensive lotion and other creams to help with the rash!"
"Obsession is one of the few colognes that stays with me for the whole day.  I often get compliments from friends and strangers alike.  And lastly, my husband loves it."
"This stuff did not work for me. Only gave a bad smell in my hair but I kept it and just mixed with others oils until it was gone. Wasn't worth returning, but I will not purchase again."
"I have fine, slightly wavy hair. It painlessly removed my tangles from sleeping, but caused so much static electricity I had to spray it with Static Guard. Very cheap, dollar store quality brush. A little too large so it feels awkward to use. Not impressed. ~~~~item received at no charge for my review~~~~"
"I used to take this years ago. This last bottle is just not the same. Before, I could feel the jump start, no jitters, no crash. Totally different with this batch: upset stomach, jitters, or nothing at all. Maybe buy from a reliable source. There are a lot of fakes on Amazon, I hear."
"This is real raw unrefined shea butter. I use it in my shea butter recipe for my 4c hair and it mixes very easy with my mixer. It blends very well with coconut oil, castor oil, essential oils, or what ever your preference is. You can store it in a zip lock bag or plastic container easily. It shipped very fast, the price is reasonable for the amount of shea butter you receive and I will purchase again when I run out for I have had a lot of hair growth/retention these past 4 months (2 inches) and I believe it is due to my shea butter recipe and because I am using this shea butter instead of the yellow."
"I purchased this because they were some good reviews on you tube about it, however it did not work for me, I found that it flaked throughout the day on me, the mascara itself was very dry like, it wasn't wet like, and since it was dry like, it clumped on me super fast. and also I got waterproof but somehow it smudged in the outside corners of my eye anyway, since then I have found the best mascara I love the Rimmel scandal eyes mascara in the neon orange tube love love love"
"I tried this relaxer for the first time recently and as far as the end result goes, my hair came out very nice.  HOWEVER, this relaxer burned really bad!  It burned my scalp, my neck, and my ears even though I put vaseline on those areas to help protect my skin.  So I don't think I'll be using this relaxer again because I've used other relaxers that do just as good of a job that don't burn as bad (and are cheaper)."
"Years ago a friend of mine bought this product at Macys for $125.  I thought she was crazy, but I saw what it did for her face and was amazed.  She had scaring from teenage acne that was pretty bad.  In about six months her skin was so smooth and the scars were barely noticeable.  I use this on my neck and find it has made my skin look smoother."
"I apply 1-2 drops and my eye shadow stays put even after a long day! its shocking for me b/c usually when i have  eye shadow, some of it fades away since I have oily skin. so deff recommend this product to anyone!"
"My husband hates using sunscreen as he hate to &#34;slobber&#34; stuff on himself. The spray was a success for him because he just uses it just before leaving the house and it is easy, clean and doesn't leave an oily residue in his hands.I was doubtful about the claim of &#34;for Men&#34; but he liked the product odor and it did nothing for me (I would not use this product).I recommend this product for those finicky men who hate using sunscreens because of the hassle."
"I use this over ROC max system, I am seeing results with ROC and will continue to use, very inexpensive"
"This is definitely not for sensitive skin. My skin isn't all that sensitive but it broke me out in these, red, almost chapped patches. I tried this because it's what my dad uses, I usually just use the regular Cetaphil cleanser & lotion. Ow, my face hurts!"
opi is a great product.. i bought the soft and thin one and it didn't work for me at all. i guess i should've got the original one. i ended up buying sally hansen hard as nails at target for $2.49 and it's working GREAT! my nails are paper thin and bend backwards and split down the middle and have ridges. they are a mess! especially after taking off my acrylics. i would try the regular...
"These are wonderful supplements.  You get the perfect dosage in just one pill and they are very easy to swallow and have no weird aftertaste.  Just after a few weeks of taking these I&#8217;ve noticed a huge difference!  My skin feels a lot softer and my nails have gotten a lot stronger and have finally started to grow longer too.  Great product, great price, and with a great quantity."
Left a bad residue smell on you after you used it. I use dove all the time but forvsome reason this product just left the worst smelk on your body afterwards
I received these very fast but I have tried them 3 times and all 3 times in less then two days the tape was already peeling and coming up.
"Need I say more?  Okay, I think I will... think back to the days gone by when the infamous ""jheri curl"" was so popular, which by the way, made even the shortest of short hair grow.  Allow me to explain... everyyone's hair grew because we KEPT IT MOISTURIZED & as long as you moisturize the hair & not the scalp so much, it will grow thick & long as long as you nurse/feed it like we did those doggone jheri curls.  This product is FABULOUS & smells ls so good"
"Fantastic colour! I did have to chase the delivery but overall i was very happy, i would recommend it to anyone"
"Wow.  This gel is great if you want your hair to:  A) Have NO shine whatsoever.  B) Smell like an herbal field, and I don't mean in a good way, this stuff smells like rancid chamomile tea.  C) Want a very loose hold with excessive greasiness and NO I didn't use too much I've tried many times with varying amounts, from pea to nickel size) and D) Feel like there is an opaque film of gunk on your hair that makes it look worse than if you had just air dried it straight out of the shower.  Horrible stuff.  Thank goodness it wasn't too terribly expensive, I am tossing the bottle out.  Ants will probably attack it in my garbage, the smell is so sickly sweet.  For reference, I have 3A type curly hair.  What I WOULD recommend for use on my type of hair - Redken 08 liquid, Versastyler (the old formula, not the new stuff), Aquage uplifting mousse, and Thermafuse eSculpt.  These aren't as gunky and filmy, and won't leave you smelling like rancid chamomile tea."
"I've had my Hot Tools 1.5 inch barrel iron for about 15 years now and thought it would be nice to try a different look.  A friend of mine has recommended her styling wand but I know that hers is a smaller barrel that is tapered at the end.  I thought what the heck, why not try it?Pros: I LOVED the curls and the look that I had once finished.  They were smooth and made me think ""beachy.""Cons: It takes a lot longer than my normal curling iron.  My hair is down to the back of my bra strap so I have to take small clumps of hair to make it all the way to the bottom of the barrel without overlapping.  This makes for a much longer process.  Also, the glove sucks!  You can't hold onto your hair on the barrel without feeling some pain.  This means you are more often than not with `unfinished' looking ends since you can only hold on for several seconds until you feel a burn.  Last, your arms will be tired since this is a two arm process.  I've noticed it's much easier doing my daughters hair than doing my own hair. I like to consider my arms toned but they get tired holding onto the tip of my hair in one hand and the wand in the other.When I think about this curling wand I think back to the 1800s when they probably had some cast iron curling wand sitting on the stove heating up then trying not to burn their hands or hair with it.  How many times have I had a clamp mark with a standard curling iron the last 15 years?  Not as many times as I've had `unfinished' looking ends the last two weeks using the wand.  I think I will stick with my standard curling iron for everyday use and break out the Remington wand for days that I'm looking for a beachy wave."
"I makes me angry every time I change the channel and I see Cindy Crawford and she talks about what a miracle product Meaningful Beauty is--really?! These products are absolutely horrible and if you could prove to me that Cindy actually uses this poo than I will eat bulls Balls for one week! Of course this will not happen so I am good. Oh and did I mention what an awful company Guthy Renker is...they take your credit card and charge it each month and it does not stop until you block them from your credit card company. Great marketing though, I will give them that."
This is the first time I have tried eyelid primer. I am in my late 30's and have had skin changes so I thought that the primer would help smooth the shadow and keep it on longer.I don't know if all eye primers will do this but this one is a loser for me. It went on smooth but hours later upon looking in the mirror it looked as if my eye lids had huge gobs of foundation that was incredibly cakey looking and flaked off when i rubbed it. This is terrible. I have somewhat oily skin in my eye are so perhaps this is te reason for this problem.It may work well on younger perfect skin that just needs something to keep the shadow on longer but I cannot recommend this to anyone. For the price though it may be worth a try. Everyone's skin is different.
"I found this product on Amazon at a reasonable price, however, when I went to purchase the price jumped considerably.  Beware and watch the pricing."
"Yeah, I know, it's a pouch but these things are great for keeping your soap from melting all over your soap dish (the soap melts in the bag which helps them lather up) and the scratchy fabric is the best for exfoliating rough patches on knees, elbows and heels.  I had one I bought from the grocery store that lasted for years but these are nothing like that.  My first one broke in less than a week.  The bottom of the pouch is held shut with a zip tie and in this case the zip tie snapped which let the soap fall out leaving a long sharp piece of plastic to scratch my legs.  That's too bad because I can no longer find this type of soap bag in the grocery/drug store."
"I generally hate the way my skin feels after I shave and was looking forward to trying a ""cooling"" post shave gel, thinking it would help reduce the after-shave irritation. I used have tried it both in combination with the Axe chilled shave gel and with other non-chilled shave gels. The result was the same: It hurts.Axe chilled shave gel hurts. It's not a pleasurable cool but an annoying painful ""cold"" sensation from the menthol, which apparently when applied to a freshly shaven face feels extra potent. So after trying this post shave gel twice, it has gone in the garbage to be used no more. Perhaps I'm a wuss, maybe my skin is just sensitive, but I can't imagine somebody would like this stuff."
"This is one of the best sellers? It literally looks like I took a little girls pink, crusty lipstick and tried it on as a joke to be funny.Great seller though, fast shipping. Just terrible product. C'mon Mac..."
I bought this foundation because it has SPF. It goes on smoothly and lasts all day long. I really love this foundation and will continue to purchase it.
This palette is perfect for people who like to keep the eye makeup light. I have used this everyday since I got it. So many different shades and finishes its wonderful. Best thing I got so far.
"I ordered the Copacabana off of the reviews I read b/c I wanted it to give my face a glowly look. I love it. However, I must say I was SHOCKED when I saw how small it is. All that for 29 dollars I thought? However, you do only need a very tiny amount so I guess it might last longer then I realize?!? Hopefully. But, yes I love it and I will order more once it is time to get another one. I do wanna try the body Illuminator as well, but that is $59 dollars and I'm sure the container is small too. I am going to try to use some of this on my legs to see if I like it b/c I'm sure it's the same product. Anyways, I highly suggest trying this, I really don't think anyone can be disappointed. I'm 28 years old and am constantly looking for new products that make me look better then ever!"
"These are good nail forms. I have used them a number of times and like how easy they fit snugly around your nail and more importantly, under your nail, so that excess product from builder gel does not end up caked UNDER your nails and then you have to clean that mess out with an electronic file! I think this product makes doing nail tip extensions with builder gel a lot easier and they last longer as well."
"Unreasonable of me to think this could work. Stupid of me to think this would work. You are either born with correct brows or you aren't, period."
"I saw this shampoo in the store and thought I would try it.I wet my hair and applied the shampoo, within seconds of massaging this into my hair it felt soo dry! I rinsed it all out, and felt my hair and it stripped my hair of any moisture.My hair did not feel hydrated at ALL!!!!The best example I could compare this to is when you wash your body with a bar of soap and then dry off and then you feel that tight dry feeling on your skin?That is how this shampoo was on my hair!. I have naturally curly/wavy thick hair.After I rinsed out the shampoo I applied some alberto V05 Conditioning treatment to my hair which brought it back to life. I won't buy this product again. I simply can't recommend buying this product."
"I love proactiv but, this seller scammed me big time! After receiving it in the mail I not only realized that the product was a &#34;trial size&#34; not a 30 day supply whatsoever. If that doesn't make it bad enough I was signed into a recurring payment plan with proactiv from this purchase too! Who says I have the money in my account for a recurring payment! It's crazy someone can do this without your consent! Watch out amazon customers this is the first time I've ever had a bad experience on this site..."
"I ordered this from E.l.f I was so excited when it arrived! soooo many colors. Well I promptly cleaned my face added E.L.F eyelid primer (I love this primer most of all the primers I've tried even, high end primers) and my excitement fizzled drastically. The pigments are awful, even using a wet eyeshadow brush I had to use a lot to get relatively close to what I wanted for color on my lids. If you want decently pigmented large eyeshadow pallets go with NYX or sephora brand pallets. Even for the mere 15$ I paid I wouldn't suggest this item, but I will however regift this to my mother in law hahahaha"
"hey there.  i bought it at a locl store nearby where i live.  i have used it 3 times and i love the way my hair looks after i use it. my hair is very thick and it's very difficult to curl it. well... with this little wonder my hair is curly and very gorgeous!! the curls are very natural looking, and i coouldn't be more pleased.  this is the first steam setter i have ever used.  so this may seem a bit biased, lol. anyway i love it and it's very easy for me to use.  i gave it a five star review because i'm so pleased with the results it gave me."
"i love this stuff...makes my mani look great...leaves it so shiny and beautiful...i dont use the base coat, i use a supper adhesion base coat...but this base coat is good too."
"I thought this product was all right. I used it mainly on my neck area because it says it can help with firmness. I did notice that my neck area feels more firmer. I also used this on my forehead to help with reducing the appearance of fine lines. My forehead did feel smoother after using Adovia mineral lift serum.Overall, I would give it a try just for it's ability help increase your skin's elasticity and make your skin more firmer.Received complimentary all opinions expressed here are my own."
"I was kind of unsure whether to buy these brushes or not by reading reviews that mentioned they didn't recieve the black pouch as shown in the picture but i was glad to see that mine did . There was a minor error in which one of the brushes didn't come with the plastic protecter , no biggie though . Shipping was also very fast . It only took three days . I do really recommend these brushes ."
"I had a reaction to one of the ingredients. My face started burning and turning red immediately after use. I rinsed my face, but it still burned. It was still burning even after washing my face with my usual cleanser. I like the company and can appreciate their efforts to be environmentally sound, so they get 2 stars instead of 1, but I will never use these again."
I was so excited for my eyeshadow pallete and I find it spilled all over mixing almost all of the colors together! If I could I wouldn't give it any stars! If you chooseto buy it you do at your own risk!!
this should be  a must have in everybodys routine.. i cant live without it now.. youre going to see and feel a change in your skin inmediatly
"I received one bar to review. Just opening the box and leaving the bar in my shower made the entire bathroom redolent of generic male fragrance for days. It doesn't help that the smell reminds me of Clorox. No matter how nice this soap may be for my skin, it's not worth dealing with that overpowering scent."
"I wore this perfume about 10 years ago, and had actually forgotten all about until I saw it listed on Amazon.  The scent is very light, but has great staying power.  Most things fade on me, but this one remains throughout the day.  It's described as a floral scent, but on me I can hint more of the sandalwood and amber.  I don't particularly like floral scents, but this one is so unique and subtle.  I was so excited that I could get the full-size 3.3 oz bottle for around $20 with Prime shipping!  And the bottle is beautiful; unlike anything else out right now."
I have tried many glitter polishes at least 10 and Snow Globe and Techno are my favorites.  I brought 5 bottles of Snow Globe and 5 bottles of Techno. One Coat is all you need to get a magically affect on any polish you use.  Getting it off takes a little work but it is so worth it. I even brought this polish to give as gifts.  A lot of glitter polishes do go on without creating an inconsistent cover.  Techno and Snow Globe each glide on with an even distribution of glitter in one stroke. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it. I guarantee you will be happy with this purchase.  No nail polish collection should be without it.  It makes any polish look like you have pastel diamonds on your fingers and toes. The picture does not do this product any justice; it does not show the way the fools gold affect that he glitter has in person. It's a must have for special occasions.
"I have beached blonde & permed hair, very damaged and purchased several keratin products to prevent cutting all my hair off, used this product 3 times and my hair appears to be in better shape than before, soft, silky and no tangling as before. I was plagued by bottom layer knots near my nape, combing them out created additional breakage. Highly recommended for a price you can't beat."
"Sorry, but this one is a bust. The plastic is too hard and not flexible enough. Won't stay closed around my hair. Can't imagine it working for anyone."
"not sure why they recommend this. the instructions say to use gauze. i used gauze it aslso seems safer. easier to feel how much product you have so you dont drip, maybe in your eye. honestly, i threw it out. waste of money"
The lavender version smells good.  It feels good when washing hands.  It's not harsh on hands.  I would recommend it.
This just stinks. I got no compliments wearing it. It's too sweet and a foul funny primary scent. I wouldn't even use it as air freshened.
"This entire line is just wonderful. The therapy stress and tension  bath is an ultra-relaxing, clean & fresh smelling blend of bath salts.Recover from a very stressful day with bath oiI, bath salts, or body wash. After an aromatherapy bath like this, have a great night's sleep-naturally.Any of these make a terrific and very appreciated gift.Forget going to a spa-recline in aromatherapy at home!  Your cares will just melt away- ""Now, what was bothering me?""..............."
"Have used this each day, sometimes twice per day but, don't see any difference.  There are others to choose from, so maybe this particular one is not for me."
"I bought this product because apparently Julia Roberts just ""loves it.""  I've used better products.  While Weleda Skin Food may be all natural, it has a strange smell and leaves a greasy film on my skin.  I definitely won't buy it again."
After using this I started developing little red pimple like bumps on wherever I used it. I gave it away to my sister I'll just stick with CeraVe SA it's a better lotion.
"The Nexxus Salon Hair Care dryer is a compact and surprisingly powerful machine.  The ""Italian AC Motor"" and air tunnel are encased in an off-white plastic tapering tube 8.5in long, 3.25 in. in diameter at its widest point. The 4.5 in. long handle is curved to fit the hand (right or left hand). A heavy rubber cover protects the electric cord extending from bottom of the handle so excessive wear due to dryer changes in angle can be avoided. The cord is 6 ft. 4 in. long. The 110 V plug has built in test/reset buttons that act as a circuit breaker if the cord gets too hot. The unit has not overheated while operating the device since I got it.The motor is very powerful, blowing air with high power. The tapered tube of the blower has effective ""Ionic Technology"" that helps prevent ""frizz,"" a factor I have had some experience with after testing another dryer two years ago. The end of the blower tube has Titanium Ceramic technology that produces ""infrared heat"" that I have found does not burn the hair with normal use.There are two attachments for the end of the dryer tube. One is a ""concentrator,"" a 3.5 in. wide black plastic funnel with a flattened air exit. This produces an air stream that is wider but more concentrated than the blower tube without the attachment. The second attachment is a round plastic ""Diffuser"" 6 in. in diameter that spreads the air out through eighteen 1.25 in. teeth. This works well with long hair to fluff up the hair and create curls and waves.The hand controls can be operated easily for left or right handers. There are two black oblong rocker buttons and one round button. The lower black button controls motor speeds: off, low, and high. The upper black button controls air temperature: cool, warm, and hot. The round button set high on the handle is an off/on cold button. With one push and release the machine will blow cold air without changing the temperature setting controlled by the upper black button. A second push and release of the round button will return the air to the setting of the upper black button.My wife uses the Nexxus dryer frequently and likes the machine very much. We asked a friend, a hair salon owner, to try it out in her shop. She likes the power of the machine, the functioning of the handle controls, and the effectiveness with her styling work.I highly recommend the Nexxus Salon Hair Care dryer for its compact design, powerful motor, and functionality for personal and professional use."
"I bought this to use when I go to the beach.  It's organic (mostly) but it contains Talc.  Didn't they decide talc was really bad for you in the 70's?  Not sure if that's what burns my skin or what...There's no paraben in it, but it still burns my eyes.  I jumped into the ocean... that was a huge mistake.  My eyeballs burned for like an hour.  I won't purchase this again."
"I may not have truly understood what I was getting when I selected this, but it was horrible. Thick and greasy and nearly impossible to wash out.I think it may not be meant for my hair type- pretty normal (not oily or too dry) dark caucasian hair. It just didn't seem to do anything other than create a gross icky mess for me."
"The good:  The scent is fairly pleasant, and if you're not a big fan, it's light enough where it's not going to overwhelm you.The bad:  It feels like I have an infinitely thin layer of some sort of grease on my skin that seems it would be better used as waterproofing than as a moisturizer.  Once the grease feeling wears off, my skin feels no better than prior to having it on.  As others commented, some of the ingredients/chemicals aren't exactly stuff you want rubbing all over yourself.The suggestion:  Get a more natural moisturizer.  Cocoa butter is good.Overall:  The claim that this stuff &#34;Hydrates & Smoothes, Illuminates & Brightens&#34; is absurdly wrong.  Usually, a so-so product like this would get a so-so rating of 3 stars.  However, based on the overzealous claims that didn't pan out at all, so there goes another star.I'd keep looking for a &#34;body cream&#34; or moisturizer or whatever you want to call it...cause this stuff is no better than stuff I've used for half or even a third the price."
This color is a grey plum. It went on with two coats and lasted almost 3 weeks!! This would make a very nice fall color.
"This is fantastic if you have dry skin. If you don't mind an earthy scent, this stuff is perfect. You only need a little of it to go along way as well so don't be too intimidated by the price. (This is also a good way to get a guy to use lotion if he's stubborn about it.)"
"I took my time and researched if this was a good product. It wasn't bad, 22 dollars but I wanted one that I wouldnt waste time, money and hopes on. It has been 2 weeks and my bags are still there..waiting to be unpacked, so to speak.I am thinking of trying the loreal one that another reviewer recommended. Also there is a cheaper version at walgreens, their studio 35 version for 15 dollars and there is also the garnier one. I will try them next week or 2 weeks from now (I will keep using the ROC) and I will update this review."
"Don't order this if expecting to be full cover nails to just glue, paint and wear.  They are tips and very disappointed with the purchase."
"I can not say much more about this stuff that has not already been said. It stinks. It has bad ingredients... This company seeks to trick people by using the name ""organic"" instead of actually being organic. I will not be supporting them in their trickery. ""Off to the trash"""
This is a wonderful serum for both men and women alike. My hubby has been using it along side of me for weeks and we are very pleased with the results. I love the feel and texture. You can't beat the price for this fountain of youth in a bottle!
"I like that the eye cream is in a jar instead of a pump. Those pumps tend to squeeze out too much. This eye cream was a good moisturizer, but that was the only benefit. It did not reduce the dark circles under my eyes, and I have been using this product for about two months. Not visible difference. Would not purchase again."
I was super excited to try this sunscreen for my young kids and myself as I have been searching for a good chemical-free sunscreen. Well despite the chemical free CLAIM on the front of the bottle just read the label- there's tons of them in there! It's quite expensive and I got burned using it at the beach despite frequent re-application. Seventh generation is the way to go for a truly natural sunscreen!
"These chalk are totally great.  What an amazing selection, it's almost hard to choose which ones to try first.  I followed the directions and had no luck.  I was bummed and figured it was because I have Brown hair and it wasn't going to work for me.  So, I read the other reviews and first styled my hair how I like it and then picked a chalk, dipped it in a bowl of water for about five seconds and it practically painted on my hair!  So easy!  I used three colors; pink, turquoise and yellow.  The first two were perfect but I had to work the yellow a bit more to get it to show as well (dark hair).  I can't feel it when I touch my hair and it looks so great.  I did not wear gloves, yes, I should have, but the color washed right off.I have used the spray can of blue on my hair before and there isn't a lot of control plus, it made my hair look dull.  This is the opposite.  Goes where I want and  it is bright.This is an ideal product for anyone that wants to have a bit of fun and/or express yourself through color."
"Well, there's not much negative to say about this sunscreen, perhaps the price is a little high.  But overall, it's an excellent sunscreen that's easy to apply, has no fragrance, and lasts a couple of hours.  Summer's coming and my wife and I will both be using this around the pool.  Hopefully the price will drop some."
"I purchased this in a set and must say was disappointed in the results.  It was packaged beautifully and could not wait to use it so I shampooed that night and conditioned my hair.  I sprayed in the CD Leave in and my hair only felt wet with a strong smell of vanilla.  It did not detangle all that well and I did not feel as though my hair was moisturized after using it.  It was like spritzing vanilla scented water in my hair more than conditioning.  After blow drying, my hair felt stripped and looked rather dry.  Not a fan of CD and will not purchase again."
"It's not as a handy device as expected. So be aware, and better not buy it. I won't order it again."
"Now this review is going to be in two parts. The first part is going to be about how nice the product looks & feels on my skin. The second is going to be about the product's design & packaging.As advertised, this blush looks great on me. I chose this product because my powder compact matched one of the ""true matches"" for this color & since I'm not that skilled in picking out blushes, I liked that it was an easy choice. The product is easily blended & feels very light on my skin.Now for the bad part of the review. The packaging & design. It's horrible. I had to look to 2 stores before I found a blush compact where the powder wasn't smashed up. The first store's compacts had one that was physically damaged so I assumed that the powders were smashed up due to improper handling during transit. The 2nd store I went to had the blushes in both damaged & undamaged conditions. Again, I assumed this was due to improper handling during transit. I purchased my blush & went on about my life. Then when I returned home, the compact fell off of a very short coffee table to the ground, no more than 10 inches in height. It fell onto not only a padded carpet floor but also a nice thick rug on top of that floor, so it's not like it fell onto a hard surface. And guess what? The compact's powder was completely smashed up.The delicateness of the powder doesn't hurt the look of the makeup, but it does make it far less convenient for me to put on when I'm on the go. I also have to watch to ensure that I don't put too much on due to it being in a now loose powder form. (It's easy to get more on then you bargained for.) As a result I use it far less than I would have if it wasn't loose & I doubt that I'll purchase this again when this expires or runs out. Unless you treat your cosmetics like they're fragile children, I don't really recommend this product."
I was a little scared a first thinking anything with a lot of needles on it rolling over my skin would hurt ALOT. Didn't hurt at all. Just a tingling sensation where you roll it.If you press to hard into the skin then it does hurt. I've noticed that my problem areas on my face have been looking better since using this.I'm going to be trying it out on a few scars on my legs next and will give the results later. I will normally use this then afterwards use a toner or vitamin C serum right after. The combination has been working for me. I'd recommend buying one and giving it a try. Don't let the needles scare you away from a great product. Will be recommending this to family & friends.
"I am blessed to have a 50+ year old wife who still looks 30, and people are always asking her how she looks so young.  Her answer is Obagi and she cannot imagine life without it.  Here in Texas, many of the Obagi products are virtually by prescription or completely banned, so mail-order is the only way to get them and at a reasonable price."
"great idea for a color enhancer in red,but it just did not work on my hair. The red did dye my scalp and all around my finger nails. I  washed my hands, but it stuck around my nails on the cuticles. Didn't like it."
This cleanser is excellent. Very gentle on the skin. I love that it is Paraben free. I use it on my acne prone skin and love it!
"This brand never disappoints, it does not disturb the natural skin pH and cleanses with a wonderful mild lavender aroma.  Comes in a 2 pack, perfect for each bathroom, one of the best quality gels on the market."
"I recently put this on my 'wish list' on Amazon and my husband purchased it for me along with the Facial Cleansing Milk! I absolutely love both. They make my face soft, hydrated, and clean! This serum is a pump, which makes applying it very easy! I am very into fitness and healthy eating, and now I'm taking it further and taking care of my skin! I am moving away from harsh chemicals and I'm thankful I turned to Avalon Organics."
"I always use a hot air brush after my frizzy hair is 1/2 way dry. My old 1 is on it's last leg so I got this one. I used it  twice and I do like it , it work well, but as long as my old favorite 1 works I will use it.i"
"Terrible.Where to begin First a list of ingredients:Mineral OIL, hyrogenated coconut OIL, hyrogenerated styrene/butadiene copolymer, palm OIL, fragrance, BHT, SHEA BUTTER, trticum vulare (wheat)germ OIL, sweet almond OIL, sunflower seed OIL, soybean OIL, argania spinosa kernal OIL, & last but not least aloe leaf juice.There is NO possible way this product is going to ""Provides light, non-greasy nourishment to scalp & hair"" Yet that is exactly what is says on the bottle.Second the instructions for use are ""hip"" but vague: 1. Cleanse 2. Smooth. 3. SOOTH 4. Seal.I went online for further clarification and found nothing but a spectacular ad campaign with a beautiful model and her  amazing hair. So I decided to experiment I figured my first use would be the same way one would use V05 hair oil (a great product, by the way.) I would wash my hair, forgo conditioner, rub in the oil and rinse. If this was too light then I would on my second application wash, rub in oil and leave it in.I never got to the second experiment.After only washing my hair, applying a dose of no more than a teaspoon (seriously a little goes a long way.) and then giving my hair a rinse and patted my hair out with a towel. One and a half hours later (my hair is fairly thick & goes to the middle of my back.) My hair was dry BUT appeared, matted & greasy to the eye as well as to the touch. I looked like I had laquered my head! I could not wash my hair fast enough. Oddly upon my second hair-washing my hair had achieved a pleasant level of softness, shine and a visible improvement in my split ends. But at a very gross price.V05 is by far a less troublesome and superior product. I believe I'll stick with that and avoid this one and I can not recommend this product as nothing more than a great lubricant for perhaps sliding a tight ring off a swollen finger."
"Some people can't tolerate the chemical sun screens, so for those people, this may be an option.  The active ingredients in this product are titanium dioxide 8% and zinc oxide 3.8%.The cream looks tan and opaque as it comes out of the tube and I worried it would look funny on my face but it does blend in and you can't see it.My complaint is how it feels.  I don't like the way it feels on my face.  I was expecting it to soak in more but I touch my face and it feels greasy.  I'm going back to the more typical sun screens."
Waste of money.  Gave me cysts and didn't clean my pores.  Threw it out.  And I own many BB products....but this one stinks.  Literally.
"I love this product, the brow pencil is the perfect shade and the high light is great. It is great to shape your eyebrows  and make them pop."
"Pros:Smells niceDoesn't clog poresOil freeCons:Way too hydratingI have oily skin and since it said oil free on the back, I figured I might be ok... I woke up with basically an oil slick on my face. I used it for about a week and it's just way too hydrating. It feels non greasy but it causes my face to produce so much oil!It smells great and would probably be great for someone with drier skin, but definitely not for me. Right now I'm just using it on my neck and hands so I would at least get something out of it lol"
"The colors start out nice at application and the marker makes them easy to apply however as a stain it falls short. It dried my lips, even wearing lip balm didn't help. I didn't have as much of an issue with bleeding but it does fade when in contact with liquids which would be an issue if you lick your lips. It also seemed to get darker the longer I wore it and it feathered which I was sure was something a lip stain shouldn't do.I wouldn't say it's a &#34;you get what you pay for&#34; situation because I usually love most E.l.f. products I have tried but this was definitely not one of them."
"Be careful with this brand, even though they state they are natural and contains no glycols. This product does contain glycols which, they try to hide in the ingredient list by listing it with natural components. Please look carefully at the ingredients and make sure you are not spending more money for this product which doesn't contain all natural ingredients."
"These scissors are okay, but they kind of hurt my fingers when I use them for a while. They would be better if they had like a rubber grip or something so they don't dig into my fingers."
"I dont have wrinkles near my eyes, just tired eyes from insomnia. But I do have those parenthesis around my mouth. I used these on both my eyes anyway and around the mouth and now I have eye wrinkles and the lines around my mouth are more pronounced. WTFreak! Thankfully they were inexpensive."
"This thinned out my seche vite topcoat fine, took a couple more drops than I anticipated but it served its purpose."
"I love this Wen, it smells awesome and I feel like it works better than the other types.I never use any type of conditioner now."
"I have been looking for a product for my daughter, who had a few acne scars that were much darker then her skin color. We tried so many products amongst them the high rated bio oil, which for her did not work.I use the Reviva firming serum and saw this brown spot treatment at a local beauty store and decided to try it .Within just a couple days we already see a difference, Finally a product for an affordable price that works.Highly recommend it!!!!"
"This product is quickly becoming my go to razor.  For a long time I have used other brands of razors with limited comfort.  I have used other razors that require a battery, and promise a smoother shave, but I think that this razor provides more comfort in a simpler razor than do other similar products.This version of the hydro provides a disposable type razor (no replaceable head) and is great for travel, or even everyday use.  The hydro strips on the razor provide a clean smooth shave without and help to hydrate dry skin.  I personally hate shaving for this reason, the drying out of the skin and the irritation it causes, but this product really helps to control that.Over time I am becoming more and more of a fan of the hydro brand, and am slowly becoming a loyal customer.  I have found that this razor provides a smoother shave than does its competitors, its multiple shaving heads and hydrating formula feel good during and especially after the shave.  It has a flexible head for corners, and you can flip back the top portion of the razor for close edging.This is my favorite disposable razor."
"I am surprised by how much I didn't like this foundation, or the corresponding powder.Paula Begoun rates this stuff pretty high--it is a ""Paula's Pick""--so I thought it would be great.Unfortunately, even with a primer under it, my pores looked huge. The color ""matched"" to my skin by the color match chart is N1, which is really too light for my complexion. I need to put bronzer over the foundation to keep from looking goulish.This can't be used around the eyes because of the SPF in the product causing irritation, and it seriously emphasizes lines under the eyes, too.The matching powder was too cakey, also.The only good things I can say are 1) the product does have SPF, and 2) it was cheap enough for me to not feel all that bad about throwing it in the trash."
"I should say first that I am a Nexxus junkie.  About 3 years ago my hairdresser (whom I used to see infrequently) washed my hair with Nexxus once and I fell in love with the smell, so I decided to buy some shampoo and conditioner.  Eventually I discovered Nexxus Emergencee Restorative Strength Conditioning Treatment and was using it for about 2 years with what I thought were decent results. (until I found this!) I have developed a system and I truly believe that this Reconstructor is the real deal!I use this product in conjuction with so many other Nexxus products and I'll give you a run down of everything I do below.  I will warn all you readers, though about each product.  Be prepared; this is a long review, but informative.Nexxus Therappe Shampoo - It smells great and I really have no complaints.  I havent used any other Nexxus Shampoo, so I dont have much to compare it to.Nexxus Humectress Conditioner, Deep, Hydrating Treatment - This is awesome!  I have tried other Nexxus conditioners (Nexxus Humectress Ultimate Moisturizing Conditioner, Nexxus Keraphix Restorative Strengthening Conditioner, and Nexxus Hyrda Sleek Silken Smoothing Conditioner) But none compare to the moisturizing power this stuff has.Nexxus Pro Mend Overnight Treatment Cr&egrave;me - At first this seemed like the answer to my split-end prayers.  It truly, truly does repair split ends.  However, it took my curly/wavy hair (think Halle Berry in Their Eyes Were Watching God movie) to BONE STRAIGHT hair.  Seriously, you cannot find half a curl in my hair.  Obviously, it changes the structure of your hair when it binds the split ends, so be warned if you have curly hair this may very well change your hair's structure.  Since it worked so well for me, I continue to use it only on my ends while I allow my curls to grow back.  For my African American readers: It looks like a perm is growing out of my head; curly/wavy at the roots and straight on the ends.  I press my roots and flat iron my hair for work anyway so I dont look too funny!Now the reason why you are here: Nexxus Polymedic Emergency Reconstructor - Having used Nexxus Emergencee reconstructor I am familiar with Protein Treatments and the effects on my hair.  Let me be frank, this blows other Reconstructors clear out of the water.  I've used (stinky) Aphogee Keratin Reconstructor and it doesnt even compare.  I learned the hard way that too much protein (as this product is super strength and can easily deliver) will cause your hair to break.  After just 2 applications of this product on my entire head - it caused my edges to break off!  That is how strong this is.  Like I said previously, I had been using Emergencee for 2 years and had never had any breakage, but just 2 applications of this stuff and my hair was looking very rough around my edges.  I should mention also, that during my first 2 applications of this product I left it on for 30 minutes at a time, once a week.  The directions recommend just 10 minutes every 2 weeks.  I stopped applying it to my edges and they recovered in just 2 weeks or so.  All in all, as long as you dont overdo it you will see great results.  If you're not asleep yet, keep reading to learn about the steps I take every week to acheive really healthy hair.1.  Wash my hair with Nexxus Therappe Shampoo2.  Allow my hair to air dry until it is only slightly damp and apply Nexxus Pro Mend Overnight Treatment Cr&egrave;me and leave it in overnight.3.  Wash out the Promend and apply Nexxus Polymedic Emergency Reconstructor on my entire head (except my edges).  Cover with a shower cap and leave on for 10-15 minutes.4.  Wash out the reconstructor and apply Nexxus Humectress Conditioner, Deep, Hydrating Treatment to slightly damp hair.  Cover with a shower cap for about an hour (while I clean my bathroom or do laundry or something domestic)5.  Rinse out the conditioner and allow my hair to air dry naturally.6.  Heat Style my hair:  Press the roots and edges and use an electric flat iron to straighen my hair.The results:After a day and a half (EVERY WEEKEND!!!) of repeating this process, my hair is probably the shiniest and bounciest hair you will ever see. It is so soft and healthy, you could run your fingers through it and not hit a snag at all.  As a black woman it feels great when non-black people compliment me on my hair.  Not any of those well-meaning, yet, condesceding remarks such as, ""Your hair is so cool"" or ""Wow, I wish my hair could be like that""  I get, ""Wow, your hair is so pretty"" and ""How do you get your hair so soft?""  Seriously, I have shared my procedure with all my friends and family.  Although they dont have the dedication or income to buy all the above mentioned products, they have seen some results.UPDATE: 9/6/12After doing some extensive research, brought on from reading The Science of Black Hair by Audrey Davis-Sivasothy.  I've realized that although my hair appeared very healthy, it was suffering from too much protein.  This product has large amounts of protein and although that's great for your hair, too much is obviously a bad thing.  I've learned what the warning signs are for too much protein and I had to come back and share this with you readers:1.  Protein is supposed to bond with your hair.  While you are using this treatment this should make your hair hard (with or without heat).  If your hair is still soft, WHILE THIS PRODUCT IS ON YOUR HAIR, after a reasonable amount of time, it's not binding - That's enough protein!!2.  Too much protein causes your hair to become hard and brittle.  No matter how much conditioner, moisturizer, or oil you put on your hair.  If it's still hard or crunchy or breaks when you barely touch it while dry - That's enough protein!!3.  When you start to see breakage, that's the final straw!  You will see breakage mostly at the roots (as this is the healthiest hair on your head since its the newest).  Your roots are already strong and dont really need that much protein.  If you see breakage at your roots or very close to your scalp - That's enough protein!!If you've got too much protein be sure to clarify your hair and give it some time to recover from the protein treatments.Good luck to all!"
"When I first revived this product in the mail, I initially put the package unopened on the kitchen table, after an hour the whole kitchen had a very strong scent that was starting to drift into adjoining rooms.  When I finally opened it up, even though the container itself was wrapped plastic, a wall of smell rushed over me.  When I opened up the plastic, I understand why it was double wrapped, it was leaking.  But the cap was not accidentally open in transit, the bottle is so poorly designed, that some will leak out if it is on its side, which of course will happen if you have it shipped.The body wash is your slightly above average body wash.  The scent is a bit strong, but not that overpowering when you use it, nor is it the most pleasant scent I have ever used, do not ask me why Deep Space, Chill Out means.  I do like that it has the micro-beads that helps give you that extra clean.  If you like other Axe products, you may want to give a try at wherever you buy beauty products in a brick and mortar store, but do not buy this over the internet because the design alone will guarantee that it will leak."
"when buying any product or thing online, you run the risk of getting a bad batch. I got a vary bad batch. It was grainy and lumpy, not smooth at all. I've been using shay butter in my hair for three years now, and it has never looked like what i got. Well ill be sticking to buying them at my local beauty supply store. This product was so bad, that i had to trow it out.. Never Ordering Shea butter online again."
"I bought this in May of 2012.  This nail dryer is supposed to be an LED nail dryer but took 2-4 minutes per coat of Gelish nail products.  I used to have a UV dryer that took that long.  I have since returned this one for a refund and bought a Red Carpet LED nail dryer.  It was less than half the cost, it's small and compact and it worked in 30-90 seconds per coat.  Cut my gel manicure time in half.  It quit working after a few uses, though and I have just contacted the supplier, Beauty in Style.  They are going to replace or give me a full refund.  In their e-mail, they mentioned having addressed the issue [with the defect I guess] and I believe I'll try the Red Carpet again."
"Lemon zest, herbs, and an undefinable something that is just sublime--the fragrance of this product is divine.  The texture of this scrub is excellent, too.  It's not hugely gritty, nor clumpy the way a lot of facial scrubs are that come in a jar.  It doesn't take much to work, either.  It's best used after regular cleansing, I found.  I've been using it with a Clairisonic-type gadget , and it 's a verrrrrry pleasant experience that I look forward to.  Mmmmmmmm....Fingertips should work just fine as well, and the more you work it, the more of that heavenly aroma is released.  I'm tempted to dab some under my nose so I can smell it all day.Like all facial exfoliating scrubs worth the name, this Vi-Tae product left my skin soft, smooth, and ready to accept treatment.  After using it at night, my morning skin looks and feels great!My only complaint is that the dispenser built into the top of the bottle didn't work for me.  The product comes in a flexible container so it's not a big deal to squeeze out the right amount.  I've dropped a lot of glass cosmetics in my day, and love that this one comes in plastic.I'm thrilled with the product which Vi-Tae provided for review.  If they'd just come out with a fragrance like this one, I'd be their first customer.Edited on 4/24:My bottle of Get Refreshed fell off the counter and crashed into the sink.  The top part of the lid popped off and is now working perfectly.  I'm not suggesting anyone else fling bottles around the bathroom (even if they are PLASTIC!), but the initial lid failure was caused, I believe, by the extraordinarily secure shipping packaging. The top part of the cap must've gotten wedged.  It's fine now, and I continue to love this product."
"This Hydroxatone scrub does a nice job of cleansing and leaving my skin feeling fresh and exfoliated. It has a bare, but pleasant, scent to it. To call it microdermabrasion might be a bit of a stretch, but it does work as well as any other facial scrub I have tried.The jar that the product comes in is somewhat small (for the price), and I don't particularly like sticking my finger in the jar, preferring the types of products that come in a tube to avoid this. The consistency is pretty thick so this may be why it comes in a jar rather than a tube. It doesn't take a lot of product to get a good result, though, and it rinses very easily.While my face felt soft and clean, I'm not sure that it will provide better results than your average, much less expensive, drug store brand scrub. At least so far, I am not ""transformed"", but happy enough with glowing skin."
Quality of the clips and sewing is great! Strong but hair is thin. Not too crazy about the thin hair since I already have that problem naturally. Price was too good to be true.
I was paying double for the same thing on tv. Got this at a much better price and can not tell the differance.Good deal.
"I like to take a break from foundation but still want my skin to look good. This product provides a fresh finish and SPF 15 sun protection.  Out of the tube it looks more like foundation than other BB creams I've tried and I was concerned that the color would be too dark for my fair skin. But those concerns were quickly allayed. The product applies smoothly leaving my skin looking and feeling fresh and smooth. It enhances, covering small imperfections and evening tone. It does not feel heavy or greasy and I suffered no reactions to it. There is a light, floral fragrance. I prefer unscented cosmetics but the fragrance does diminish. This is a quality product at a reasonable price. If you want to look polished without the heavy foundation, this cream is worth a try. Recommended."
I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so.
Love the look of these over other colors.  Used the blue first over gold/yellow glitter for St. Paddy's day and got green glitter.  Awesome!
"I have very large pores on my nose and I used it for months. No change in pore appearance, but it smells peachy and nice. It was worth a try since it was relatively inexpensive. Shipping took about a week."
"I was hoping for a lotion with results, but the only result I got was flaming red skin that was hot and itchy. I would not recommend."
"As a self proclaimed beauty addict (read I spend way too much on products) I can honestly say I am not impressed at all with this soap. I purchased it based on reviews for how nice it smells, personally the smell is ok, not suberb, not knock glam up a notch, just ok.I can get ok from drugstore soap for a lot less.It lathers fine but as for it moisturizing I felt it was lacking and I wouldn't run out and re-purchase. I had that dry bar soap film type of feel afterwards.I found it to be just another bar soap, with an ok scent, an ok lather and that's absolutely it. I'm going to stick with my Zum soaps, they smell incredible and I'm much more pleased with their moisturizing qualities over this brand."
"So I thought I'd try Wen as I'd seen the infomercials and was looking for a product that was more natural and wouldn't dry out my hair.  I followed the instructions for use to the tee. On the plus side I liked the smell, very minty and clean, and I liked how my hair felt in the shower, very silky and soft.  However, after I blow dried and styled as usual I noticed that my hair looked kind of dull, had little body and felt dirty. So for me this product most definitely did not live up to the hype.  For the price, I would expect FANTASTIC looking hair instead of hair that looked like it hadn't been washed in 3 days.  Today I went back to my old shampoo and conditioner and my hair looked and felt much better.  I definitely would not buy this again, it's not worth what you pay for it.  thankfully I bought this here on Amazon and so did not get sucked into the auto shipment program!!"
"Never ever again would I put this on my hair. For one thing, I needed at least 30 pumps! I was able to use this a few times before the pump broke. I used this thinking I wasn't going to see results over night, even though that's the claim. I was patient and continued to use it. It left my hair feeling dry and not conditioned. It smelled ok, but that didn't make up for the fact that it just didn't do any good to my hair. The directions said for extra effect, leave a little on as a leave in conditioner. I tried that once and once my hair dried it looked as if I hadn't washed my hair for weeks. So each time I rinsed it out, following the directions to rinse for a few minutes. It was a waste of money and the claims made of what it will do for your hair are false."
I absolutely love this flat iron. I have been looking for a flat iron that can handle my thick roots. This iron is the BUSINESS!
"Not correct color for me. Not thick enough to cover properly. Disappointed.Would not suggest this product ,nor would i get it again."
This hair clip is very light weight. It's not at all what I expected. I wouldn't recommend this one.
"This is the most make-up friendly face cream ever. It goes so well with sunscreen and foundation. I have combination skin. It looks a bit greasy the first 15 seconds you put it on, but after that it absorbs QUICKLY and TOTALLY. Will buy again."
"I know this was made for men, but I went ahead and decided to give them a try.  After using them for a few weeks this is what I have determined.The handle is thick and comfortable in the hand.  I find that the 5 blades is a bit much, and not being a large female - the head of the razor was awkward to get the armpits with.  I had less trouble with the legs and actually found that the lotion part of the razor allowed me to finish shaving my legs even after running out of shaving cream and did not end up with razor burn.  It's not something I would try on a regular basis but it was nice to be able to finish both legs.  I really don't see any benefit to adding 2 more razors into the mix, maybe that's a guy thing.  I do know that the prices as of the time of my writing this - is very good in compared to other makes and models of razors.  If the price continues to be equal to or lesser than other razors of the same class, I wouldn't hesitate to make the purchase - I would not however pay more for them."
"After only 2 weeks of use, I have noticed a substantial improvement to my skin. The most remarkable improvement was around my eyes with the skin seemly tightening up and an overall smoothness and healthiness to my face. At 58, anything that can help with the overall appearance is welcomed and this product works. After years of abuse, it is amazing how the hands of time can be reversed.I have been told that this particular product is the best there is on the market and so far, would have to agree. The only issue I have had and it certainly isn't a deal-breaker is there is a stickiness after using the serum on my hands. I just need to give them a good wash before doing anything else as I got the top to the tube sticky the first time. However, a very small price to pay for the incredible results.In addition to the stated benefits I appreciate the fact that this product is priced at a great deal. Plus the fact this is as pure a hyaluronic acid serum on the market. I am going to stock up on it before these guys realize what they are doing. Excellent product that works at an excellent price, I'm more than happy with it!"
"I love doing my nails, and these plates are currently my favorites. With most of them the areas of a given design are large enough to allow you to pick different parts of it, giving you matching nails that aren't cookie cutter identical. The one exception is the plates where the designs are in narrow bands or arches. Still trying to figure out how I should use those."
"I like to have a moisturizer on my face, during the day, and night moisturizer at night.  I really like the way my face feels with this moisturizer.  It's not greasy or shiny at all for my typically oily skin in the ""t"" zone.  The SPF 15, will help keep my aging skin, from getting more age spots.  I put a little makeup on over it and am happy for how my face looks for hours, if not all day.  I put it on my neck and upper chest too.  Works well to keep those fast aging areas looking good."
I received this item and can't even use it because there is no straw that goes down into the water to spray up with. Now I will have to go and buy a travel sized spray bottle. Is it even the real product? Now I wonder.
"I was sceptical when I ordered this.  I don't usually buy palettes this big and definitely not from an unknown manufacturer.  I am a label whore and can't live without my palettes from Too Faced and Urban Decay.  I liked that they were very highly pigmented, almost too pigmented (if that even makes any sense).  It takes a very light hand to use these colors, being careful not to end up looking clownish.  The only complaint I had was that they seem so brittle.  One swipe with a brush or a applicator and they seem to disintergrate and you end up with eyeshadow powder everywhere.  The colors do last long on (I use an eyeshadow primer) and look true till the end of the day.  This is a great buy, very good deal for the price."
"Don't believe all the hype about this one. Nothing great, at all! Usual &#34;serum&#34; like scores of them, useless ones, on the market. Not going to reduce any wrinkles or make you look any better than  any typical cream in a drugstore."
"i have shoulder length hair, and had to use all 20 rollers.  it doesn't show when the rollers are hot enough, tho it says it heats up quickly?  what's quickly?  4 minutes, or one hour?there is no place for the plastic clips, so you need a showcap or something to hold the plastic clips.  in other words, make sure you have lotsa room for storing the big clunky heater and the clips.so i got a perm, thinking it would hold the curl longer, but it's still the same.  curl out in 3-4 hours, and i left the rollers in for about a half hour, hoping that would help keep a curl.other such curlers have a ready dot on the top so you can see when each roller is ready to use.  the directions didn't say anything except it heats up quickly, not much else.see photo of all the clips you need to store somewhere."
