"I purchased the 3 bottle set( 90 days). Im one bottle in and things are going ok. I take 4 daily with no stomach irritation or other problems. The pills dont taste that good and start desolving upon contact with water. I take them with lots of water. So far my shedding as increased and is causing me concern. I haven't seen a change in the condition of my hair or balding areas yet and no uptake in growth rate either.Of note, I was already taking most of the ingredients listed as contained in Toji in other supplements. So I expected this to kick in quicker since I have the vitamins, herbs and minerals already in my system for the last several (6-8) months. That hasn't happened but I'm  Still hopeful , I will update in another 30 days.Updated_ July 27Two days away from concluding my second bottle and so far....I have no increase in my hair growth ( i only get 1/8"" a month) , no increase in shine ( my hair's still frizzy and unruly) or thickness either( still thinning with bald spots).  I have increased shedding and breakage since I started to take these, which is upsetting to me.  My fingernails do seems to grow fast but that is all that I have noticed.  I am not happy with my experience  taking these so far.Update August 28- added stars to my rating.Beginning my fourth bottle and I'm finally noticing a betterment in my hair. It still grows slowly but I have noticeably growing hair at my edges. Shedding and breakage has decreased and my hair seems a  little thicker. . It looks much better than it did three monthsago or even one month ago.Update at 4 months: September 25Still no faster growth and only minor thickening. I've reduced my dosage to half... One in the morning and one in evening and so far no change in the condition of my hair.From my last update. i think ive gotten all I'll  get from these. I plan to continue two a day for the time  being until I can find something else.Final review october 2013I no longer take these. I saw only minor improvement in the condition of my hair after almost 5 months at high dosage, which was four a day. My fingernails grew pretty fast but that's it.  I saw no regrowth in bald/thinning areas and no change in growth rate either.  I've stopped taking them and so far, nothing happened. No shedding or breaking etc. Seemed they weren't that effective for me. Very pricey fail.February 2014 second tryI'm desperate to stop my hair loss so I'm giving these another try. It seems they were effective in slowing my loss and some increase in thickness. Since I stopped taking them it seems my hair went back to very thin.  It took about three months to show. So if this worked and I didn't notice it's worth a second try. I need it bad because nothing else is working. I started two a day for one month January and now back up to 4 for the next three. I will update in 30."
"I want to let everyone who reads this review know that I am a licensed esthetician, so I do know about skin care products. It also is a reason I try out a variety of products in order to see what works and what does not.I ordered this with the knowledge that there is no miracle cream to reduce cellulite, but figured it would at least firm and even out my skin while I am losing weight.First, I will say it does go on smooth and absorb into the skin quickly. That is because it contains dimethicone, which is a common ingredient in skin care products. It pretty much makes the product glide on easily.Now, this is very IMPORTANT. After using the cream for just a few days, I began to notice my skin becoming red and itchy a few hours after application. I wasn't sure if it was from this product at first and continued to use it for a few days more, twice a day as directed.It was finally tonight, after having a horrible itching and burning sensation on my thighs that I put two and two together. I remembered I previously had an allergic reaction to a diuretic pill. The lightbulb went off in my head and I remembered that this product said it reduced water retention. I looked at the ingredients and sure enough there are a few that can cause allergic reaction in people, especially if you are allergic to sulfa drugs.I will not be using this product anymore and I'm sad because I really wanted to see if it improved my skin texture.So, basically if you are allergic to sulfa, I would suggest you not use this. I am suffering greatly with serious redness and terrible itching. Luckily, I realized it sooner than later. Considering it will not really get rid of cellulite (diet and exercise are the only things that do that) it's not worth the discomfort."
"I had such high hopes for this set.  I am 32 and still dealing with bouts of acne.  Had it under control the past couple years using Alpha Hydrox products.  Then the past year I started getting acne bumps on my neck and under my jawline.  The kind that are small and spread and don't pop, and are OH SO difficult to clear up.  So I have been trying new products containing glycolic acid since this is the only thing that ever worked for controlling my acne.  But this line is disgusting!  The cleanser is nothing more than a lotion, it doesn't lather and feels like I am rubbing grease on my face.  And the actual lotion is entirely too greasy for people with even normal to oily skin.  My face is covered in oil within 15 minutes of putting it on and I'm having to blot with tissues.  Gross!  I tried just the toner in the afternoon, but oil also appeared on my face within 15 minutes of applying.  After using all three products for two weeks, I have been breaking out more and my skin has a film on it.  These products are going in the trash."
"I didn't like this eye pencil. I've liked all of the other NYX products I've purchased, but not this one. It just smudges very very easily and setting it with a black powder doesn't even seem to help much."
"Update-- I had to quit using this and go back to my regular creams, the lines on my face were getting worse with every day. I could see myself aging in the mirror. I am so very disappointed in this cream, it actually made me look worse and I can see how much my ROC actually does do for my face. Mileage may vary but my experience is that it doesn't do anything at all for my skin, I may as well not use any moisturizer at all the way my face looked.I have been using it for a approximately a week and my face does feel smoother but I haven't seen any reduction in wrinkles and around my eyes I noticed I am having more wrinkles appearing. I will use it another week yet to see if there is any  change. I also just recently developed a couple breakouts, I am not sure it is from this or not but if it continues I will quit using this to see if they disappear.It feels really smooth and creamy when applying it, the scent isn't overpowering to me and I don't like perfume. It looks and feels like it should work but so far I have not seen any firming or improvement and it does show some improvement in 1-2 weeks."
"You have a body lotion, a face lotion, a hand creme, a foot creme, but no hair lotion!?! Why not? Why limit yourself to after-the-shampoo leave-in or style products.One reason would be that the ingredient list here consists of mineral oils, which generally trap moisture and do a lot more damage than they are worth. Another is all the other chemicals in this product.This oil moisturizing is a good idea but doesn't really provide the moisture necessary for your hair to thrive, so that you feel your hair become even drier after use."
I got this hoping it would help my thin hair. I just naturally have baby fine hair and was hoping this would help. It's terrible and all it did was make my scalp dry.
"I honestly wanted this to work and really didn't want to give it a bad review either because we all don't have the same scalp; however, the honest truth is that it didn't work for me. I started it Sept.21 and it is today Nov. 12 and nothing has changed. I followed the instructions to a ""T"". I was using it on my edges and nothing happened. I contacted the buyer who is also the seller and she stated to give it time also if you have chemical damage this will not help. I want you to know that I do not have chemical damage but trichotillomania which isn't a chemical burn. I know hair can grow there because I have little spuds even before the oil. I've tried this oil on other parts of my scalp and it still doesn't work. I've been using an other oil and it looks promising. I know it'll take a long time before hair is restored around my edges. Unfortunately, this product only works on scalp with hair already. It needs to start off with a healthy scalp. FYI It's important that you remove the gunk and buildup on your scalp for any product to take place and help grow. I've done that and this product still didn't work."
"Hair Milk really does make my hair curl beautifully ... but it leaves it feeling greasy and smelling like Lemon Pledge.  I've gone back to my combination of Infusium 23 Leave In Treatment and Biotherapy Silk (my hair is waist-length, curly, colored, and getting frizzy since it's begun graying, so I need a lot of product now).I do keep a bottle of Hair Milk around, though, because when I have a photo shoot, have to be videotaped, or have to make a public appearance, I know my hair will look good.  (Then I go home and wash it.)"
"NO DIFFERENCE after 2 months!! Bought FROM SKIN PRO too I wish I had bougth here so return would've been easy to do!THIS half tube of USE Has CREATED DARK BAGS Under MY  EYES, I DID NOT HAVE !  I wnated to tRY for start of FINE lines at corner of my eyes !!!  I AM SO SO ANGRY!!  I NEVER HAD Dark Circles DUE TO USE OF HALF A TUBE OF THIS NOW I them!!.  I am Caucasiona FAIR to LIGHT SKIN AND did NOT HAVE  bags, I got this for start of fine LINES..after half tube of use fo this NOW I HAVE TO GO To Plastic Surgeon TO FIND OUT WHAT THIS did to me and what is IN THIS STUFF!!??  IT also puffed  OUT my left Under eye AREA?!!I had taken some  Pics  for self Not knowing this would happeen and NOW those before pics taken the day before i got this in mail and used it, have now become my PROOF PICS to show my DR  that this Product Caused these BAGS TO DEVELOP !!!THIS  is quite Serious For ALL if it happens but to ME , being a working actress,  IM A  Horrified , and it will maek me lose WORK!My  Green Eyes Are  Signature BEST FEATURE and  DUE TO THIS SERUM  I WONT LEAVE THE HOUSE, IM SO DSIGUSTED and mad.  THIS  product I can RPOVE WITH PICS has CAUSED THESE SUDDEN Bags and DARKNESS TO DEVELOP!I am going to the  local Plastic Surgeon that knows me and did some Botox on me 2 mos ago before i began use of the serum, and im Bringing this SERUM TO HIM TO FIND OUT what's in  it, that caused this AND how can it be REVERSED?The DR even told me 2 months ago how great my skin and eyes were and I only needed a bit of BOTOX!NOW I HAVE A NEW MAJOR ISSUE CREATED BY  this so called miracle  SERUM , that they say takes Away Circles , Bags puffiness and instead it Developed These  issues on my EYES!!  I Never had !AND I  HAVE Pictures to PROVE taken day before I began using it TO PROVE , serum Casued this !  My DR and Agent know i NEVER had eyes with bags or dark underneath, before using  this  !Until DARK BAGS GO AWAY , I cant even work as an actor because its THAT MUCH A BAD effect the Serum CAUSED!!BE WARE , DONT BUY THIS !"
"Bought after reading reviews and seeing on tv. I have very thick very curly color treated hair, age 28. This does NOT lather which is weird to me, but I guess it's not expected to. It left my hair still feeling greasy. I gave to my friend who has straight thin color treated hair and she loves it."
"I have a love/hate relationship with celebrity perfumes.  I love lots of them (the Britney Spears one, the Hilary Duff one, several of J. Lo's) but I'm often not a huge fan of the celebrities involved.  And I'm not a huge Mariah Carey fan, but given that I've enjoyed other celebrity perfume scents I was willing to give this a go.  Unfortunately, I don't care for the scent any more than I care for Mariah Carey.  This smells like cake to me- cake with musky notes. The cake note are more prominent at first, then it becomes more musky.  Cake and musk are just two things that (at least for me) should not go together.  If you like cake smells, I'm sure this is great, but cake is not very popular with me.  So, I'm not very fond of this, but foody fans might well like it."
"ive always bought this bronzer cuz i love it SO MUCH, its matte with no sparkles like most bronzers & you can apply it in layers to fit any skin tone .... but i guess they make it in different shades & i didnt know because the one i normally buy is much darker than this one was... oh well"
"After using the Nexxus Youth Renewal Shampoo and liking it, I decided to purchase the matching conditioner.  Unfortunately, I'm having a problem with it.  After using it (I shampoo and condition my hair in the shower), there remains a scummy white residue on the tub which is a nuisance to rinse out.  And the next day when I get in the shower, the bath mat is dangerously slippery due to the ""coating"" from the conditioner.  As a result, I have to constantly launder the bath mat in the washing machine, with strong detergent.  On the plus side, I like the fragrance.  However, this product is just not worth the hassle - or the safety risk - of using it.  Unless you condition your hair in the sink, I would be wary of purchasing Nexxus Youth Renewal Rejuvenating Conditioner."
"You get what you pay for.  The colors are pretty and the price was cheap, after 30 minutes of drying, you could scrape it off your nails, because it never harden."
"To start off with, I have what I would consider tough skin, it's been through a lot and not too much affects it. I have larger pores and oily skin. The pores on my nose were looking clogged, so I picked some of these up at the drugstore. I wasn't expecting too much, but people always rave about these so I figured I had nothing to lose except a few bucks. Well, I was wrong. I followed the instructions down to the letter, but once this came off my nose it gave me 2 large, very red broken capillaries on my nose! I'm fair so they are very noticeable so now I'm spending tons of money on creams and pills trying to get rid of the capillaries. These are the first ones I've ever gotten in my life (I'm 20) and I'm super self conscious of them...these strips ruined my nose! My skin is pretty thick and tough and pretty much never has reacted negatively to anything...so beware."
"I was really excited to use this product! For once, something for mixed chicks! I am half black, half white and I have naturally thick curly hair.-The shampoo made my hair very dry. My scalp was also became dry and flaky from the shampoo. It def stripped the natural oils from hair.-The conditioner is great though! Light and smells wonderful! No complaints there! lol-The serum is awesome too! Not greasy and thick. You dont need a lot to achieve the look you want. About 2 pumps will do the trick.-The Leave in conditioner is HORRIBLE!! It left my curls hard And Flaky!!! It was nasty to say the least. I do like this conditioner not one bit! YUCKY!Overall, Its not worth the price! Do not waste your money."
"I have naturally wavy hair so in theory it shouldn't take much for to scrunch it up and hold it. In the past I've only used the Bumble and Bumble in the past which has a lot of stickiness. This doesn't really enhance/ or texturize  my waves. It just holds them.Now I can't give it anything lower than a two star review because it is says it's a &#34;Casual&#34; spray, which I could interpret as having less hold, but I can't give it higher than a two because I still think it should do more for my hair, considering I have a lot of fine wavy hair."
"Previously before I started using this, I was using the Clear Frizz control and it wasn't helping with frizz and it was actually drying out my scalp. So, I decided I would give this one a try since it is scalp and hair intense hydration...well after two weeks of using this, it has not hydrated my scalp one bit! It is still dry. I have never had this probably with any other brand of shampoo. This one does moisture my hair more than the frizz control one and I do have less frizz than I had with the frizz control.Overall, this shampoo doesn't do what it says it is going to do."
"...I still tried this product.  I knew it was too good to be true, but I wanted to save the time, expense and aggravation  of getting my roots touched up.Between using this and the conditioner along with the  shampoo (thinkSun-In Spray-In Hair Lightener, Original - 4.7 fl oz) for my roots, I now not only have brought all the brassiness back.  But my hair looks and feels like straw and is breaking off at about 2 inches long. I followed the directions completely too.I have colored my hair for a long time now.  It is not in the best of shape, but it wasn't too horrible either. That is, until I tried this product.I have used theJohn Frieda Precision Foam Hair Color Light Natural Blonde (Quantity of 4)with good results.  A little brassy, but quickly taken care of by usingJohn Frieda Sheer Blonde Colour Renew Tone-Correcting Shampoo, 8.45 Ounces (Pack of 2)andJohn Frieda Sheer Blonde Colour Renew Tone-Correcting Conditioner, 8.45 Ounces  (Pack of 2)with good results and healthy looking hir.All the good that I have done was quickly turned back by trying these lightening products. However, I think this spray is the worst of the lot.  You spray it on and then dry with the hairdryer and then follow up by using either a curling iron or flat iron.  This product needs a lot of heat to work. I think I would have had better luck by simply using the Sun-In on my roots or one of those root retouchers or even just straight peroxide for pities sake,  instead of trying something that supposedly lightens gradually and naturally.."
IT DOSE NOT HAVE 1800 AT ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!EACH SECTION HAS MAX 75!!!!!!!!!!  SOME ONLY HAVE 45!!!!!!!!!I COUNTED EACH SECTION MYSELF I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED AND THE RHINESTONES ARE VERY PLASTIC POOR QUALITY
"I got this cleanser because I've really liked the daily exfoliating cleanser in this same line, and it seemed like the two would complement each other well. I figured I'd use one in the morning and the other at night.I do find that it's pleasant to wash my face with this cleanser; it's nice and smooth and just generally feels much better than regular soap. I was less happy with the results, though. Maybe a week after I started using the cleanser, I had one of the worst breakouts I've had in a long time. I think the combination of both cleansers, instead of just plain soap in the evening, was somehow too much for my sensitive, acne-prone skin. There was also one evening when I washed my face with this cleanser and after about half an hour felt like there was still something on my face, so that I went and washed again with plain soap and water.I keep thinking that I should give it one more try, just to be sure--maybe the breakout was just a coincidence? But I really feel no desire to use this product again."
"Sometimes you get what you pay for. This is one of those cases. There's no lint on the back that would cause it to overheat or anything. One day it just started switching to a warm/cool setting even though it was set to hot. As time went on, it just doesn't even get hot anymore at all, warm at best. I had this less than 1 year and always kept the back cleared of lint so this is just a junk product. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does come with attachments that similarly priced dryers don't usually come with, and there's a removable cover thing on the lint trap in the back that makes it way easier to clean, you can remove it and wash it off in the sink in 2 seconds. But it doesn't work long so don't expect much."
"this was not a good purchase i am stuck with it the hair doesnt curl at all, i waisted my money."
"The cologne on first spray smells great.  However, within 30 minutes the smell is gone.  It is not just me.  My girlfriend, friends, relatives can't smell it at all.  This was a $200 purchase directly from amazon and I expected the cologne to actually smell like something after half an hour..unfortunately amazon does not allow you to return cologne either...I owned this cologne previously and know it last longer than 30 minutes...I'm not sure whether it is amazon's improper storage of the cologne that affected the smell.  I'd just like to make people of aware of it though because this is not a cheap cologne.  Buy a sample first and know what it smells like, and how long it lasts before you go ahead and buy online directly from amazon."
"I have quite a few Gelish polishes in my collection, and this is the first time I've been disappointed by a product. It was SO difficult to apply--weird, gloppy, uneven. Two coats produced opacity, but it wasn't smooth at all. Also, as far as I know, authentic Cocktail Party Drama is a creme--no shimmer (another reviewer also commented that this product has no shimmer). The product I received has a very apparent purple shimmer to it. It's pretty, sure, but when you're expecting a dark purple creme, this is not the best outcome. With the strange viscosity and inconsistent color, I worry I may have received a counterfeit product here."
took a while to receive the item. the containers are very small. smaller than the size of a quarter. will post a picture of the contents as well. have yet to try it
"I started using the ce ferulic & b-5 combo two weeks ago and with each day, my skin feels and looks dehydrated and dry. I use as directed and apply moisturizer afterward, but it hasn't helped. In fact, after washing and drying my face, the skin is extremely tight and uncomfortable. I haven't seen any reviews that indicate this as a side effect though, so perhaps I am just sensitive to the product. I am disappointed because I hoped to have the successful results that so many others experienced. Will try to use for another 2 weeks if I can stand it.UPDATE: 4/27/12  I used both products until bottles were empty. I e-mailed Cosmetic Skin Solutions to inquire if the dryness was a common side effect and they responded promptly and advised me that it is not. While the dry, tight skin subsided, I never felt or saw any improvement in my skin's appearance. I stored the CE Ferulic in the refrigerator and it remained clear, so there wasn't an issue with it spoiling as some other reviewers have mentioned. I will not be purchasing these products again. For the price, I didn't observe any appreciable benefit. I get more hydration from usng a few drops of hyaluronic acid with my regualar moisturizer."
"This brush is nothing special. I read all these great reviews. But the plastic part looks used and abused. There are scuffs and dents on the plastic. The brush will brush out my hair, but so would any other. I should of just got another con air that worked for years! And it was way better. Not impressed."
"Normally, I like to get my lashes dyed because I'm light haired, light skinned, and thus light lashed, and dying them creates a great effect (however gets expensive). They are long, but it's difficult to find a product that gives both good even coverage and doesn't clump or flake while doing so. I was curious about the ""other oval brushed"" brand, but again in regards to expense in a recession, I wanted to give this a try when it came along. I've used mall counter products for $20+ and grocery store products like this costing around $7-12, and I've found that either can be a complete waste of money; especially when the item makes claims it can't back. Says it won't flake....really? Than what were all those little black bits sprinkled around my eyes, confetti? Says it washes off easily with soap and water...hahaha!! Yeah 2 days later when I've washed my face a few times and used industrial strength makeup remover. However, it's not waterproof, and smears when it gets moist (eye drops, tears, etc...), weird. The wand dries off q-u-i-c-k-l-y, even though the whole point of having a smaller wand is to have more control and application flexibility. When I went to the L'Oreal customer website to note my problem their links default into ""unable to submit form"" because some of the fields are technically flawed. Overall, the product is poorly executed and not worth buying. There are plenty of o-t-h-e-r quality, lesser expensive, user friendly mascaras. This one is just hype."
"PLEASE DONT DO IT! this just rachett the palette size is not like in the picture, the colors go on sheer, slides on face like wax don't expect  your makeup to stay put with this one. just spend the money for the good stuff. 2 thumbs down"
"No doubt, Madame Rochas is a great fragrance in the classic style. However, the aldehydes were far too much for me to handle. Even with a light spray and a mist walk-through, aldehydes are all I smelled for a couple hours. Aldehydes, coupled with white florals, can be especially problematic for me, and Madame Rochas is another is a long list of Aldehyde Florals that I've tried and can't wear.I've never smelt the original, and apparently the new formula is the victim of cost-cutting. If so, I can see why."
I should have realized by a few of the reviews. I have adult acne and I do need that soapy feeling in my cleanser. This is literally a non foaming gel cleanser. It felt sticky and slick on my face when I tried to wash with it. It doesn't lather at all. It actually made my acne worse. I didn't notice if it calmed my redness. I stopped using it after a week. Waste of money! I'm disappointed because I love all the Murad products.
"If you have really short hair and use just a tiny bit of this gel, as if it is a pomade, you will probably be ok.If you have longer hair...even just 2-3 inches, you're going to end up looking greasy and stringy.Usually, ""wet shine"" or ""wet look"" labeled hair gels are the type of gel that gets really stiff/has a lot of holding power and, well, gives a wet look. This is not that kind of gel. There is barely any holding power at all. It simply reminds me more of a pomade type of product.I give it 2 stars. Not really my idea of a gel and seems to only be suitable for really short hair, just to sort of give a finished look, without any styling or holding power needed.. like a pomade."
It was so tiny and half full. Will not buy again.. it really wasn't worth it.. Disappointed it arrived earlier than expected that is why I gave it 2 stars
"There's no doubt this temporarily eliminates the undesired wrinkles around your eyes. However, I couldn't keep it on for more than 30 minutes. The skin stretched to the point where I was very uncomfortable. I had to wash it off. The worst part comes after I washed my face. My skin looked really dried and the wrinkles I DID NOT have 30 minutes earlier simply popped out of nowhere and the ones I had became more pronounced. I&#8217;ve been putting moisturizer since yesterday and it&#8217;s just not going back to the way it was before."
Umm I mean for $3 what did I expect? It really just doesn't cover anything like I'm so disappointed.  Very
"I bought two of these--one for me and one for my mom.  I am embarrassed to even give my mom's to her because this &#34;emollient&#34; &#34;cream&#34; isn't even like a cream.  It is thick, hard to spread, very greasy (gets on my pillow), but worst of all, it smells terrible.  I would never buy this again and do NOT recommend it."
Pretty but the quality is so poor it broke as soon as i touched it. Took forever to arrive. Not worth it. DOn't buy it.
"I want to qualify this review by saying that I received this item for free to test and then review as part of the Vine program.  The reason I say that is that I would never be able to afford the $130 price tag otherwise.  I have faithfully used this product daily for a month according to the directions and honestly don't notice any significant difference.  From what I understand, it's supposed to work sort of like temporary Botox, relaxing your skin so that wrinkles appear less noticeable.  I have concentrated on the area around my eyes which is where my wrinkles are most visible.  After a month of use, that area looks pretty much the same as before.  No one has noticed any difference in my skin at all.  It's a slightly sticky golden colored liquid which you dab lightly over areas of concern on your face.  It dries pretty quickly and then you apply your normal moisturizer and makeup over it.  It wasn't unpleasant to use at all.  In fact, it has a cooling sensation right after applying which is nice.  But, I can use cheap drugstore eye creams and get a nice cooling sensation.  I am not a person who normally goes in for pricey cosmetics so this was definitely a novelty for me and it just didn't live up to expectation or even to its description claims.  I really enjoyed getting the chance to give it a try but sorry I can't recommend it."
"When the product arrived, they didn't work at all. The brush was rubbery and flimsy, and split in the middle so it created two uneven lines. Horrible. It also broke easily after one tiny pull. Don't buy this product."
"This product didn't work for me at all.  I use silicone based serums (paul mitchell super skinny) on a daily basis, and with this one my hair seemed much more frizzy than normal, as if I had used no serum at all.  However it did make my hair feel somewhat greasy and with a scent which is not horrible but is just too strong and lingers all day long.Both times I tried it I ended up with a migraine from the scent after about an hour, I should have known better after the first time I used it.."
"I loved the idea of this curling brush, and the size. However, it just didn't get got enough to curl or allow a curl to stay for my 4A/B hair. I am 100% natural with very fine, dense, shoulder length hair, and wear my hair straight styled most of the time. Usually I use my SuperStar flat iron to curl by flipping the ends, it never causes damage or fries my hair and the the curls and style will last all day with those. I got this because I thought it would be a nice option and I could have curls more round and softer. Granted, I'm comparing a $100 flat iron to a $10 curling iron,, but I have used drugstore curling irons (e.g. Revlon) successfully too, and unfortunately, this product just didn't get hot enough to hold a style. On the highest heat setting, it felt like the temperature only got to about 285. I wouldn't recommend this if your hair prefers a professional level of heat (325-450) to hold a curl all day in very curly hair. I ended up donating mine to Goodwill after a week of failed attempts at styles. It would be nice if you could see the actual temperature the iron is heating up to instead of just number settings, but I guess for $10 I cant complain too much and am glad it works for others. :)"
"I love OPI nail polish, but this color stays way longer than you want.  After trying to take it off with their brand remover my nails still remained a sick looking blue.  It took days to get it off from around the nail-cuticle area."
They are too cute but should be called phone rhinestones because they are way to heavy even for acrylic nails an they are not curved to fit the nail . So basically you will look like a clown if you wore these.
Before I even put it in my hair it broke-just by stretching the band to put it over my head it caused one of the gold strands to snap off and hang-I was able to maneuver it so that it wasn't so visible but that was disappointing.  At least it wasn't expensive.  Great value for the price but its quite delicate.
"I got this for my mom, she has blonde hair. She loved how easy it was to wash in. The first few days her hair looked amazing! I mean it was glossy and just looked overall super healthy. The problem is that by the 3rd day it looked dull. On the 4th day she washed her hair and that was pretty much all she wrote. Disappointing."
The light around this mirror does nothing but look pretty. I wish I had bought one with more magnification because the light does not help you see any clearer.
"The brush is smaller than expected, and absorbs too much liquid. I had high hopes based on the reviews but it turned out to be a dud. I have to keep adding foundation to the brush to get the coverage my normal stipple brush gives. Not sure why people rave about the brush, I waste too much foundation with this. It seems like it would work best with a pressed powder. Haven't tried it yet, but I'm hoping it will be better with the Bare Minerals Ready foundation."
Worst pigment every.. I can't even see I put a liner on when I use this.. You could buy alot of the same color base liner and they would look the same but they don't show up anyway.. WASTE of money..
"I got this to try on my husband's hair and I couldn't get it to come out of the container enough.  I got some flakes to come out which resembled dandruff... but it kind of disappeared in his hair.  But I felt like it didn't come out fast enough and I was sitting there shaking it for what seemed like forever.Anyway, I got SOME in and I could tell it was doing something.  Added volume and a certain texture or coarseness.  It had a bit of holding effect too, although I'd probably finish off any style with just a little hairspray if it was a particularly gravity defying one.But I think all things considered this product is just too weird and different and my husband would NEVER use this on his own.  He'll just stick to his gel because the particles are too hard to see coming out and I had a hard time GETTING them out."
I didnt like this because it did not get hot enough and my hair was still frizzy. I prefer hot tools because it cord doesnt tangle and it is hot like the ones a professional uses since I do my hair at home. It is better the spend an extra 15.00 to have quality and use it for a longer time .
"First off, I am 26. I have pimples and I have big pores, no wrinkles, and a jawline that can't handle even slightly perfumed cleanser, yet my reddest pimples are there. I was in heaven when I got the original foundation. I couldn't find an exact color match, (which they recently released!) but dusted on very, very lightly you can make your pimples a shade lighter. I would not recommend piling on on any of these products, this one included, especially if you're anything like me.But for the part of my skin that shines, I decided this would be great! I mean, it doesn't have that shimmer like the original, something my t-zone doesn't need. Well, disaster. It makes imperfections look worse, even with a light dusting, doesn't really combat oil if you have a problem with it, and inflamed pretty much everywhere on my sensitive skin where the original did not. Be careful with this, and test it on a small part of your face at an Ulta salon. It's free, and you can see if you'll have a reaction-- this is true for all of these products. It's worth the trip.I wouldn't buy this again, and would not recommend it to anyone with any skin problems, and suspect it may give problems to many who have good skin. However, in spite of my low rating I wouldn't say you should just give up. Some of those 5 star reviews may end up being you, if it works."
"It's another body wash. I think it's a bit expensive for what it is - just a basic body wash with a pretty good scent. The problem is the little exfoliating beads. They're kind of silly for a man who has hair - they just get caught up in the hair and don't exfoliate anything at all.To make matters worse, these plastic microbeads pollute the water supply - and I live on the shores of Lake Erie. I'd prefer a nice clean lake instead of cruddy exfoliants."
"I was using this product along with Desert Essence Tea Tree Cleansing Pads ([...]) and at first, I noticed that I felt a bit of a burn and discomfort from both products. I tried using the products separately as well as together, and thought that maybe it was normal. However, after a few days of using this product, I ended up getting a severe burn all over my face, and broke out into a very painful rash.It started out as just a prickly pink, then went itchy and red, and eventually broke out into a severe burn, and was extremely painful and peeled for several days. It took weeks for my skin to stop feeling sensitive and raw.I'm not sure why my face reacted this way, but I'm really sad that it did, because I had been searching high and low for an all natural facial product, and all of my searching on Amazon pointed to this."
"Yowza! Wish I had read the ingredient list before buying this. The second ingredient (after water) is Sodium Laureth Sulfate (SLES), which you're always hearing about as one of the unsafe things regularly used in cosmetics. Admittedly it's not Sodium Laurel Sulfate (or SLS, which is notably more toxic), but still not something you want in your skincare products, let alone the #2 ingredient by volume. The Environment Canada Domestic Substance List classifies SLES as expected to be toxic or harmful, so use with caution, or compare the inactive ingredients (not just the active ones) to those in alternate products before buying."
"I really don't like leaving 1 star reviews... but, since this product arrived damaged and oozing into the surrounding plastic, I had to send it back."
"1st SMALL negative that I was willing to deal with, no indicator light.  I used a Chi for many years and when I plug it in and am sitting at my vanity getting ready for work, blowing drying my hair, it starts to flash or blink nonstop to let you know it is ready.  I liked this iron and then I was getting ready and didn't know if it was ready or not.  I just started using it.  I looked in the manual and it says, this iron will heat up very quickly, no time frame, no indicator, annoyance but I could have lived with it.2nd BIG negative and this is the main problem, I turned the heat past the lowest setting and it kept burning my fingers.  I was kind of shocked because this iron was not cheap and neither was my chi, which I never had a problem with it burning my fingers.  I switched from my Chi because it didn't have different heat settings and would occasionally leave dents in the top of hair.  I went on Folica and ordered a different iron and just an FYI you get manufacturer warranty when ordering on Folica and when ordering on Amazon becomes void after purchase.  I returned :("
"I have tried to use this pencil for my nail art supplies to no avail.  I did not find the wax pencil helpful.  The items don't stay on very long and when you press firmly to make sure the stone or nail art piece the white wax transfers to the piece.  Have you tried to take off wax from a tiny rhinestone after you put it on your nail with glue?  NOT fun, nor it is easy."
Too small for me to notice any differnce.  This would take hours each day and I'm simply not that enthused.
"The texture of this serum is gooey and sticky, and a small amount goes a long way. The scent is mild, and the product does tame frizzies and flayaways. It works best in wet hair, but also does the trick with dry hair.I've noticed that if I don't shower the next day, the residue makes my hair look dirty in a way that other brands of hair serum don't (for example, a few products from Motions and Axe). Since I live in an RV, I can't always shower each day, and I have to take that into consideration when using this product.Don't apply this anywhere near your roots if you don't want a greasy look. You will also want to wash the stickiness off your hands.This is an average serum for my hair type, which is dark brown, long, straight-to-wavy Causcasian hair of medium thickness. Your hair type might have a better experience."
"I tried this one since it is supposed to be for fine hair.  It might work for some but not mine.  It was too heavy!  I will say it is lighter than the regular Wen conditioning cleanser, but I wouldn't recommend it if you have fine hair."
"I have really tried to like Garnier's skin products. But honestly they keep leaving me disappointed.Me, I am a 26 year old with combination skin. I don't need miracles but I'd like some small changes in my skin. I have some skin spots I wanted to lighten on my face. And geez, I have tried so many things I decided to give this a try when it was on sale at a local store.Well, I used it as instructed through the entire bottle and there were no results. None. I kept thinking that there'd be even a small change to warrant another purchase, but alas nothing happened. And I believe I know why it didn't work for me. Everytime I put it on it did not absorb into my skin well. It would just sit as this filmy layer on top of my skin. It reminded me of playing withe Elmer's glue as a kid, how you could put the glue on your fingers and then rub it off in little balls. That's exactly what happened with this stuff if I even lightly touched my face. Forget about putting make up on with this stuff.And, yes I did have my skin clean and exfoliated. It just didn't absorb for me which makes me think that's why it didn't work.I don't know if it is just my skin type though. Maybe it could work better for someone else!"
"I bought this sometime ago, the one star says I hate it. I don't, it just did not work out for me."
"This device is very uncomfortable, it actually hurts. I bought for my sons & I, you can feel it in your teeth."
"I have to say I used this product nightly for a month straight and noticed no difference in my skin. All the reviews had me expecting a noticeable difference in my skin tone especially with my dark marks. Alas that didn't happen. Perhaps I should've used the 10%, but this formula wasn't the magic ticket."
"I was going to an event where I needed a certain color eyeliner at the last minute, and went to Target and picked this up.  I usually only buy cosmetics from the department store, and now I know why.Looks are deceiving.  It's very ""hip"" looking and nicely packaged, so it fools you into thinking it's something very nice.-Staying power is not very good.  It smudges easily and will look terrible within a few hours, unless maybe you are sitting down and doing absolutely nothing.-The brush is awful.  It is not accurate or helpful in applying cream eyeliner.-It is SOOO difficult to get off.  Even with make-up remover, this is hell to get off!  It is crumbly and gross.-It gave me an awful allergic reaction.  My eyes were burning by the end of the event.-It dries up fast.If you want REAL cream eyeliner, try it from a brand like MAC.  This is just not good."
first off 38$ for this.. omg i swear its like nothing in the little thingy n i tought it was cream not powder &#62;:( ugh
"I got to try the Wen system after my Mother ordered it from the infomercial, she kept a bottle and gave me a bottle. I was excited to try it but I was very skeptical and figured it wouldn't work for me and I was right. I have medium-length (couple inches past my shoulders) fine hair that has been color treated but not recently. I also have an ""oily scalp"" I put it in quotations because I'm not sure what is going on up there, all I know is that I can't condition my roots at all because the conditioner never fully washes out and I'm left with heavy, gross-looking hair on the top of my head. So Wen never really had a chance considering it's an all-conditioner system.I used the product directions as a guide, I used far less than 15 pumps because I knew that would be way too much. I massaged it in my hair, splashed some water on it to make it foam (which it didn't) and let it sit in while I finished my shower. Rinsing out the product was unbelievably hard, I pulled out so much hair I thought I was going to have a bald spot somewhere on my head. When I ran a comb through  my hair it ran through easy, zero tangles which was nice but that is the only positive I can give it. When I blow-dried my hair it was disgusting. It was heavy, greasy feeling and after I was done and I pinned up my bangs and did a pony tail I had a crazy amount of flyaways and hair sticking up everywhere, very strange. The next day in the shower as soon as I got my hair wet it felt unbelievably dry and crispy and I have no idea why. The Wen System was a huge dud for me and I would advise anyone who has trouble with conditioner or an oily scalp avoid purchasing this product.My Mom used it and I have to say I saw a difference in her hair. She has very short (think 80's Joan Jett) color treated hair that's even finer than mine. For her I saw it had more shine and it looked much smoother. She says the jury is still out of she likes it or not. She's not big on upkeep or complicated systems, she doesn't even own a hair dryer."
"Did not see any improvement on the sun spots. After months of using it, is very sticky and does not do what it advertised."
"I used to love using this scrub, it made my skin very clean and smooth - but have since learned it was causing me more problems than good. It's got irritating ingredients such as menthol, which can make acne worse instead of better. The tingly feel is amazing but is just a sign of your skin being irritated. It also has microbeads which are horrible for the environment as they are tiny pieces of plastic that end up in the ocean, and in turn are ingested by the fish that we eat.  There's better products out there."
"This product is a waste of money. As someone who is very, very pale I love to get spray tans-the only problem with that is that spray tans typically cost around $40 to $60 each time.  I bought the Fusion Beauty Airglow Airbrush Gun in the hopes that I could start to do the spray tans at home and, thus, save some money.The problem-it doesn't work! The ""tinted"" mist showed no color whatsoever. I had no idea where I was putting it on my body.  The gun sprayed the mist erratically-very, very difficult not to get the mist over the same parts twice.The end result-my legs were orange and streaky. The color did not look good at all, even if it hadn't been full of lines.I would have returned it but this seller does not accept returns on personal items."
I thought I was ordering a combination lotion and sunscreen.  It feels awful on my skin so I won't be using it.
Going into this product test my skin was well nourished and looked wonderful. The Olay Skin Rehab kit undid everything that I had previously accomplished.The first week my skin did look brighter in the morning. The second week dried my skin out so badly that it looked like I aged years in just one week. It was terrible.The mask did nothing to repair the damage the rest of the treatment caused.My face brokeout throughout the entire two weeks. In odd spots too. Not in any of the normal spots I've ever broken out in.I know Olay has a great reputation but this product is terrible. I would not recommend it. I would not buy it. I wouldn't even use it for free again.Two stars is the best I can offer this kit.
"Was really excited to get this in the mail. Received it yesterday and it looks nothing like what is pictured, worse than that is I read the ingredients and no where does it list 24k gold but instead has BHT a common food preservative that has come under fire recently for it's toxicity. The whole BHT for me is beside the point. I bought the eye patch because it was listed as 24k Gold NOT GOLD COLORED EYE PATCH. I'm beyond upset. This would be ok if they listed the product properly then I would have just moved on but they LIED! That's what it comes down to. I was misled to believe I was getting something I was not."
They call this a hydration facial moisturizer but it is nothing more then a sun screen.  It is a thick white cream that is a little hard to spread.  It does not moisturize and severely irritated my skin.  The pump on the tube is dysfunctional.  So you have to learn to barely touch it because it will spew more out then you want. When you take your finger off the pump it keeps going on it's own. After using it a few times or so the pump stopped working completely so I had to unscrew it and squeeze the product out. The only really positive thing I have to say is that it is not greasy but I had to stop using it and send it back.
"I did not like this product. The menthol feeling was really annoying, I don't want my skin feeling like I just rubbed it with vapor rub. The lotion absorbs quickly into the skin and leaves it feeling greasy and nasty. It didn't make my skin softer, it just left an unpleasant greasiness feeling to my skin that wouldn't go away."
This was great at first but after 10 days the breakouts began. I coupled it with md forte 111 cleanser which is awesome. I was looking for a light anti aging moisturizer to go with it. If you do not have acne issues I would recommend this product.
"I bought this serum after reading reviews that was the same like ferulic from skinceuticals but unfortunately is not, my skin looks dull, I haven't noticed any improvement since using it every single day for almost 2 months. So I won't buy it again."
"I am skeptical of supplements like this. How do you even know if they are working? And per the instructions, you have to gulp down a lot of them&#8212;two a day at least. Then you spend days examining your hair and nails in the mirror, trying to see some vague improvement &#8230; but whether or not they work, my wife loves things like this, and so I try them!The best thing I can say about these &#8220;Nature&#8217;s Bounty Optimal Solutions Hair, Skin, and Nails Gummies&#8221; is that they taste great! They really are like a bottle of gummy candies, so there is no forcing yourself to take them. Of course, when you see the first ingredient on the list is Corn Syrup, you know why they taste so sweet&#8212;although it makes me doubt the &#8220;Nature&#8217;s Bounty&#8221; part of the name. As does the rest of the ingredients list.Basically, these are full-fat gummy candies with a few vitamins thrown in for marketing purposes. Neither my wife nor I noticed any noticeable improvement or change in hair or nails, and I doubt they have much beyond placebo effect."
I have combination skin: greasy T-Zone and dry for the rest of my face.  I only used Bioelements Beyond Hydration for two days and my skin felt tight after use.  I purchased another brand of moisturizer that works MUCH better (Algenist Regenerative Anti-Aging Moisturizer).
"These pills made me feel really sick, so be careful. I didn't realize how much of a sensitive stomach I had until I tried these. They made me feel extremely tired, which never happens if I drink coffee, and then I became so sick that I had to leave work early. I think my system is just allergic to caffeine pills, and it might not be only this particular brand. I am not going to try caffeine pills ever again. So if you have a sensitive stomach like mine, beware."
I am very light skinned so maybe me but I really did not like the consistency after it had dried and it flakes.
"Aside from surgery, great DNA or just plain youth - the odds of getting rid of cellulite using some type of topical cream are as likely as winning the lottery. But just like everyone else out there, I keep hoping and trying.First of all, this stuff has a really unpleasant smell. I mean there is nothing appealing or fragrant whatsoever.  And although it doesn't last forever,  you still have to wait until the cream is absorbed into your skin before it eventually goes away.Secondly, the hype implies that within 90 days you should see amazing results. Unfortunately that would require buying at least 3 bottles of this stuff to find out if that's true.  So now you've spent a whole bunch of money, alienated those closest to you with an annoying smell, and still have cellulite.Buyer be ware. The only thing that will get skinny - is your wallet."
Because I was mislead into believing this was an all natural/organic company. Upon receiving my purchase I began to look over the ingredients and was sad to discover chemical sunscreen. Had I known that this was added to their product I would not have spent my money on the garbage. The smell is nice and the texture isn't bad but I prefers using organic products in my body. I was mislead by their advertisement.
"I have curly 3a hair that is difficult and full of frizz.  This shampoo actually created more frizz and has some chemicals I worry about, and it suds for no apparent reason.  It left my hair with considerable slip when wet, which felt promising but as the day progressed, my hair felt more dry than it had in weeks and I actually had to use a mist and more gel (something I never had to do in the past with other co-wash) just to keep down the Rosanna-Rosanna-Dana look from stalking me.I didn't particularly like the smell either, and it did not get better during the day.  It has a heavily chemical scent to it and the hibiscus scent seems to sour a bit. My husband definitely didn't sleep closer to me that night. I think it's a good first try, but L'Oreal could do better and eliminate some of the more drying (and silicone based) chemicals from their line for us Curly girls. Also, one of the chemicals seemed to make my head break out in painful zits that took a few days to clear. I had higher hopes when I got out of the shower because of the feel of the slip, but they faded fast when the scent became sour and my curly ran skyward to escape it. It might work for type 2 a little better, but even 2c's might find it super drying and frizz inducing."
"I really liked this product when I first started using it...about the first two tubes.  While my lips didn't seem plumper, they definitely seemed to stay softer and moisturized (I stopped having to use balm throughout the day).  And the tubes last forever just using it once at night.I don't know if they changed the formula with this last tube or what....but my lips are staying dry like never before.  I've started having to use balm throughout the day again and exfoliate my lips more often, too.  I've used the product for about three years now....it's not like this is a season that's different.  And my skin/hair isn't getting dryer overall.  It really does seem to be this product that's the culprit.I'll go back to my other products...won't be buying any more of this."
"I see no difference in my cuticles, don't see any exfoliating properties, is more like a cuticle cream. I have been using this daily for a few weeks, won't buy it again, just buy a cuticle cream, will do the same and probably cost less."
This is not a clarifying shampoo.  Avalon Lemon is much better and the Old Pantene Clarifying shampoo which is no longer available was the best is you have a greasy scalp and dermatitis.
"I wanted to love this. I read the reviews and watched the youtube reviews. So I gave it  a try. Now I have tried it every which way. From freshly washed face, fully dry face, after moisturizer, without moisturizer. A very small amount, and a bit more than that. It did not go on the way I thought it should. It did not look natural and seemed to accentuate my larger pores and fine lines. On top of all that I found it hard to remove completely with regular face wash and it smelled powdery, like an old lady. The shipping  was timely and packaging nice. Good company and probably good product just not for me. Oh well, not the first $30 I've ever wasted."
"I don't know why people are raving about this product, but I found this product useless. I have been using it for couple weeks now and I found my skin less smoother."
"This is one of the worst hair care products I've ever used.  The instructions say to use a dime size dollop on wet or dry hair.  I used about half that and it hardened on my hair and made it look dirty and greasy.  Worst of all I could barely get a comb or brush through it and though I did so with great difficulty it ripped and tore my hair out.  I used it when my hair was dry.  I wanted to go re-wash my hair but had to get out of the door so I spent the rest of the day looking and feeling horrible.  Also the smell was disturbing.  It's not an unpleasant smell, cocoa butter?, but it persisted until I was able to get home and wash it out."
"The actual product is ok... Although it is not very blue (not anywhere near the color pictured, imagine more of a orange color).  I will say the ""flakies"" have a blue hue. But the smell that smacks you in the face the second you open the bottle is awful.  I will not be purchasing anymore polish from Kleancolor."
I cant ever get my manicure to line up. It's always crooked. I've tried it on myself and others and i just cant get it to work for me. The designs do come out though. I guess I just wont be using it. It'll be faster for me to do it the long way lol.
"One star away from one star: This conditioner is not all that great. Two stars because it makes hair easier to comb but, I makes hair feel sticky, lusterless and weighed down...Love other products in the Argan line but this one, gets thumbs down."
"I purchased this based on the good reviews I read, and had confidence that it would live up to them. It didn't. This mascara smudges and smears very easily. It's allergy season, so my eyes tear a little... but just from that it streaked under my eyes! Other mascaras don't do this at all. The mascara goes on nicely and separates your lashes well, but I can't give it a three-star rating because I can't use it and had to throw it in the trash."
"I really have only one complaint; so far as I can tell, in essentials, this bar cleanser is much the same as it ever was, but I could SWEAR that the bar I used several years ago was fragrance-free. I know I would never have even tried it if it had smelled like this then. I mean, part of the Cetaphil brand's selling point is that its skincare products have no fragrance added to them that would irritate sensitive skin. So why does this Cetaphil product have any fragrance at all?I usually have no problems with lightly-scented skincare products, provided they are only LIGHTLY scented. I'm fortunate not to have sensitive or allergic skin reactions to fragrance ingredients, but I still have to avoid most of them because for me, strong perfumes set off major migraines. Other than that, some of the scents in skincare products are actually quite nice. But this... THIS was like my worst nightmare of every ancient, long-expired bottle of old-lady perfume dumped into a single bar. It's intolerable. I couldn't even just throw it away; it still stunk up the whole bathroom from the bathroom trash can. I ended up taking it straight outside to the dumpster. And I still had to empty the half-full bathroom garbage to get rid of that sickening, cloying, unbearable scent that sparked off a 2-day migraine.Maybe I'm just missing something obvious. I would appreciate it if someone could let me know IF Cetaphil still makes a fragrance-free bar soap/cleanser. I'd like to go back to using an old favorite, but I can't find the ""old"" favorite."
I have more than 30 gelish colors and this one is the 2nd least favorate that comes after the neon yellow ( don't even remember the name of it).I'm a big fan of pink color but this one is just ugly to me!Maybe it;s just me...
A waste of money for me. I am way to oily for this thin papers. I used several at a time to get the job done.
Beware! This product contains formaldehyde which is toxic. &#34;DMDM Hydantoin&#34;.Be sure to check out the EWG website for a review of ingredients
in my opinion they were really ugly. Maybe like half are nice and usable but the other half look defective(as in 2 stuck together or have additional plastic pieces attached to it) i gave them to my little nieces to use and they liked them.
"I am used to the ""Made in France"", original version of this moisturizer. The French Effaclar Duo is the only thing that works on my face. Keeps blemishes away but does not ever dry my skin.Unfortunately, the ""Made in USA"" version has Benzoyl Peroxide 5.5% - consistency is a thick white cream, compared to a white light gel in the French version.I have been using the ""Made in USA"" Effaclar now for 4 days:- no new blemishes- old blemishes are healing- however, my skin is over-dried and peeling (even though I apply Effaclar only at night and in the morning use a moisturizer, plus exfoliate with Clarisonic)So be beware, if you are used to the French version, this one might be way too strong. I have just wasted $27 :("
"thinksport difference with thinkbaby is that thinkbaby has papaya. 50SPF is not a good idea, infact anything over 30SPF is only a marketing tool. This is a great mix but contains too many ingredients and all are non-organic ingredients as well when I can get mixes with less ingredients, organic ingredients and not over 30SPF.thinksportActive Ingredient: Zinc Oxide 20% (Non-nano). Inactive Ingredients: PURIFIED WATER (0), ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF JUICE (0), CAPRIC CAPRYLIC TRIGLYCERIDES(0), SORBITAN STEARATE (COCONUT BASED) (1), PINE WOOD RESIN (0), VEGETABLE GLYCERIN (0), CETYL DIMETHICONE (0), HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL (0), MAGNESIUM SULFATE (EPSOM SALT) (0), SUNFLOWER OIL, JOJOBA OIL (0), ASCORBIC ACID (VITAMIN C) (0), TOCOPHEROLS (VITAMIN E) (1), OLIVE OIL (0), RASPBERRY SEED OIL (0), CRANBERRY SEED OIL (0), HYALURONIC ACID (MADE FROM VEGETABLE) (0), CURRANT (0)thinkbabyActive Ingredient: Zinc Oxide 20% (Non-nano). Inactive Ingredients: PURIFIED WATER (0), ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF JUICE (0), CAPRIC CAPRYLIC TRIGLYCERIDES(0), SORBITAN STEARATE (COCONUT BASED) (1), PINE WOOD RESIN (0), VEGETABLE GLYCERIN (0), CETYL DIMETHICONE (0), HYDROGENATED CASTOR OIL (0), MAGNESIUM SULFATE (EPSOM SALT) (0), SUNFLOWER OIL, JOJOBA OIL (0), ASCORBIC ACID (VITAMIN C) (0), TOCOPHEROLS (VITAMIN E) (1), OLIVE OIL (0), RASPBERRY SEED OIL (0), CRANBERRY SEED OIL (0), HYALURONIC ACID (MADE FROM VEGETABLE) (0), PAPAYA (0)Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one, blocks both UVA (320-400 nm) and UVB (280-320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer - 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin's DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF.I make my own sunscreen but for times when I do not, I need the same formula as I use in my organic sunscreen mix with fewer ingredients. Zinc is what you see surfers put on their nose for protection. A good sunscreen formula should not have more than a handful of 90% plus certified organic ingredients and FREE OF; fragrances, perfumes, additives, softeners, thickening agents, gums, alcohol, biologically harmful chemicals like Avobenzone, Oxybenzone, UV Chemical absorbers, paraben, phthalates, PABA and 1,4 dioxane. BABO has 22% ZO with conventional not organic ingredients which is a higher amount of ZO than an organic brand like BADGER with 18.5% ZO. But ZO is not the only ingredient in BABO so there are few issues with BABO formula. ZO is like mud, the higher, the better protection but ZO stays on the surface of the skin for protection so for many, high ZO will not work since it will be too heavy. One needs to try different mixes to find the mix acceptable to them based on ingredients, feel and performance. For a small investment, sunscreens may offer the possibility of sun burn, pain, cancer, medical bills, pain killers, etc. that come with skin exposure to the sun."
This concealer is grainy and seems to enhance wrinkles rather than conceal.  It's dryish so that may account for its tendency to emphasize lines.  Try Bobbi Brown eye concealer sticks.
"I am surprised at the positive reviews of this product. I have been using it a month and have seen no changes whatsoever to my skin. None. Nada, zip."
"If I could, I'd give this product negative stars. It is AWFUL! I've NEVER had a product do this to my face! Not ever! I've tried everything and I think this has given me the worst reaction ever. My skin was (as another reviewer put) leathery. Annoyingly so! It was as if an entirely new, dry, red layer of skin placed itself on my face! I peeled it off as soon as I could and beneath the layer was water (or a watery-like substance) ew!I just WISH I had looked on here before I bought this at the store! It would've saved me so much annoyance and money. The thing is, when this first came out, it was pretty great (not a miracle-worker by any means) but pretty decent! And it smelled (still smells) fantastic! Its such a shame. But the past is in the past. Bottom line? Stay AWAY. I mean it."
"I used to use this product until I became vegan and started looking at ingredients. This product used to either smell very bad right away, or a while after the bottle was opened. I learned that tallow is beef fat, so that is the cause of the bad smell. I don't recommend this product at all because raw, organic coconut oil works so much better for conditioning than this product. Coconut oil is much more economical too."
I used to use this soap until I found out the company uses palm oil. Palm oil production is pushing orangutans to extinction in violent and painful ways. I'd like to use this product if they would use an oil that isn't harmful to wildlife.
Well this was a waste of my Money. It did not work for me i have been using it for almost a month now and i see no Difference. It smells Ok.It Goes on well but i just did not see a difference. Maybe not good for African american skin?
"As I write this review, my hair is air drying as I have washed it for the FOURTH time since using this hair dye yesterday afternoon (about 18 hours ago).  While the concept of this foam dye is awesome, the execution, horrible results, and numerous other cons just outweight and crush the use of this product.  I am clueless as to how in the world Clairol earned awards and mentions in various magazines since this yucky foam was introduced (*cough*cash*cough).I needed to retouch my roots and had picked up a box of this foam recently because it was on sale at a local store and I had a coupon (usually a win-win, this time a major lose-lose!). The directions were simple enough and the foam didn't *seem* like it made that much of a mess (ha!).  Immediately upon putting the formula in my hair, I got a strong whiff of soy (no biggie, I thought it would wash out), and I tried to work the foam through my shoulder length hair as fast as possible.  The directions clearly stated to work the foam in and leave for at least 25 minutes (seemed extreme, but I chaulked it up to it being ""foam"" and not a typical liquid dye) and course grey hair should be left on an extra 10 minutes.  That's a whopping 35 minutes of this junk on your head! No surprise after washing this out (twice!) immediately after 20 minutes was up (couldn't take anymore), my SCALP (my eff'ng *scalp*!) was a chestnut brown color and a few of my greys looked like a Calico's fur (white/brown mix). I didn't get any of the foam on my scalp, and kept the solution strictly on my hair.  I think that once the foam settled, it penetrated my scalp and resulted in my reddish-brown head. I generally have decent hair and have been trying to go sulfate-free for the last few weeks (shampoo every other day, etc). Right before using this dye, my hair was shiny and soft and looked HEALTHY. Once I rinsed out the dye and my hair dried, the ends were course and frizzy looking... bleh. Worse, my head smelled like I had dumped a gallon of soy sauce on it. I get the whole ""all natural"" concept, but this was obviously a synthetic scent. If soy was in fact the main incredient of this dye, I'd have just used plain soy sauce myself!!I *will* say that there has been no burning or itching side effects caused by the foam. That may seem like a no brainer for this type of product, but lots of folks have different reactions and I have also just gotten over months of battling dry scalp and flakes, and no flare ups because of this bad choice of dye (TMI I know, but if you have similar symptoms you're gonna want to know if this will bother you). Anyway, once this junk completely rinses out of my head, I'm sticking with root touchup dyes ONLY. Shame on you, Clairol for putting this garbage on the market.  Shame on me for wasting my money on it!"
"I only tried this product for a few days, and was not pleased with it, therefore I have not continued to use it. I did not like how the cream felt on my face. It felt greasy, and didn't feel like it soaked into my skin, rather just left a film on top of my skin.  And while this product did not have a strong scent, I am sensitive to smell, and found the fragrance (be it natural or intended) to be unpleasant. The eye cream felt ok going on, but I have not used it long enough to determine if it will make a difference with my under eye circles."
I used this with the shampoo.  The only good thing I have to say about it is that it does not strip my hair color.  The smell is undesirable and after using it twice my hair had so much itchy buildup I couldn't wait to wash it out.
"How disappointing, this used to be the best sunscreen ever!  It used to go on smooth, leave no greasy residue or white cast, and it smelled almost like almonds.  Now it is very chalky, and the mere act of rubbing it on makes these little white particles form all over your skin, kind of like the rubbery leftovers from a pencil eraser.  Bummer!  I switched to Skinceuticals tinted spf 50 sunscreen and it's much better."
"I used this for less than 30 days, and one day it wouldn't turn on, so I returned it.I'm also wary that they included a green head - there hasn't really been the research to show that green LEDs do anything for your skin, good or bad."
"I think this would be great for oily skin, but I have dry skin and this dried it out even worse. It contains alot of alcohol."
"These things slip right off of my head. So, okay, they don't damage my hair in the process but they don't hold it back, either. Very disappointing."
I tried using this eyeliner once and tossed in the garbage can.  It was very gooey with little clumps and difficult to control the amount of product.  You get what you pay for.  I'm going back to my normal cream eyeliner and separate brush.
My skin is too sensitive to this crap.
"What a joke, I bought this to go with my jumbo NYX eyeliner pencils (black bean, and the turqoise one) and this didn't even work with them! I would turn and turn to no avail, it wouldn't really 'catch' onto the pencil and start sharpening. SMH"
doesn't hold lashes in nice tight straight line.  very hard to position lashes with this thing.  don't waste your money
"I bought tons of products to get rid of sun damage. It will take tons of patience and consistency to see some results. I used the whole bottle on small areas and unfortunately I do not see much change. Funny enough I bought same product several years back, and I did see great results then. What happened ?"
Now I will admit I am new to wearing lipstick.  I've never liked the feeling on my lips and because I have very full lips I've always just gone au natural in the past.  I do like the color.  I do like it's opacity.  It feels dry so I'd definitely recommend using a gloss or a balm underneath.  My biggest gripe with the lipstick is the smell.  Being so close to the nose it's my opinion it should be odorless if at all possible.  I do not think it smells like vanilla. I'm not sure what it smells like but it's not good nor bad ...just weird. I am intrigued with lipstick but I'm probably not going to buy lime crime products again.
"This product was too greasy. I want my hair to feel soft, shiny and healthy not greasy and weighted down.  I didn't like it and wouldn't recommend it."
This lotion came with the top 1/8 th of the bottle empty but the pump did not look like it was used so I kept it even though it looked kind of odd. I have nit seen any difference in my skin after 2-3 weeks of use so I cannot recommend it. It works just as a light moisturizer but not for wrinkles or brightening of skin.
It was being compared to WEN  Not even close this is very runny and left my hair feeling funny like it had a residue on it
"If you have issues with dry cracking skin/fingers, use O'Keefe's Working Hands. The stuff saved my butt. It's literally a miracle. My hands are in and out of water all day. I was in terrible pain from the cracking. O'Keefe's heals them and keeps them healed as long as I use it."
"Overall, this product is OK for the price. However, the color selection is just terrible. The Medium 2 is one of the darkest mediums that I have ever seen. Any thing above 2 is very dark for white skin. In addition, many of the collections have a lot of pink undertones, such as the Light 5 - it's pink, pink, pink.All in all, this foundation is difficult to ""get right."" I was hopeful that this might substitute for my favorite - but expensive - Benefit foundation. It doesn't.If you are looking for pink or dark selections, you have found the right product line. Otherwise, keep looking."
This product leaves a BLACK smug when applied.  It is not a 'clean' application.  I am dark skinned and thought this product would work-total opposite.  I went back to the invisible eyelash adhesives instead of the ones made for dark tones.  Maybe if they made it in Brown..
"I had heard good things about this primer, but mine arrived in a box that looked beat up, and the product inside was dried up and rubbery."
"If you have colored hair, seek a better sulfate free shampoo. For the price on Amazon, you're better off with L'Oreal EverPure.Despite my hair being colored for 12 years, it's in pretty good shape. L'Oreal EverPure is my hands down favorite shampoo but this is cheaper so, why not, right? WRONG. My hair is constantly tangled, brittle, and there are waaaay more split ends now. The conditioner isn't particularly moisturizing considering how stripped my hair feels from the shampoo. I have to use a lot of leave-in conditioner to detangle my hair now."
"I bought this for slight acne on my chin because I was sick of using the liquid concealers and decided to try it. It smells bad, makes it look like you have dust on your face, didn't hide any acne, and the powder gets everywhere, on the floor, on your hands, etc. I won't complain about liquid concealers after trying this anymore."
More or less useless. It just doesn't stay on long enough to work! It needs to be bigger with more elastic.
Glitter was everywhere when order came. Of course the one color I needed was completely empty because it emptied all over the place. Caps were not on tight on any of them. More than half the quarter size tubes were empty. Very unhappy. Would get a better deal at Walmart.
"I bough one in sephora for 20$ but it was kinda of pricey so i researched and bough these.Which was a mistake.You get what you pay for.These are so tough,don't blend out anything.Waste of money even they were cheap.Go buy the real thing and use it for a long time.I promise it'll be a greatest investment you've ever done."
Does not do its intended job for me.  The adhesive is too sticky and the end result is ruined polish.
"I was hopping for stronger...and long lasting smell - I even got two bottles - I love when the house smells good, but this - it smells for a few minutes and then you need to keep adding more and more drops. In my opinion, people have not tried better products if they give such amazing reviews to this item."
"I use and have used Cover Girl products ever since I was old enough to use makeup.  I consistantly use the old standby, Cover Girl, Clean Makeup Foundation (with that nostalgic, Noxema smell) and many other Cover Girl cosmetic products.  This primer, however, will not be something that I will buy again.Before using this primer, or ANY primer, for that matter, you need to moisturize/spf your skin first!  I have used many different brands of primer, especially when ""primers"" were all the rage, and this product ranks below many other brands I have tried like Benefit, Clinique, TARTE, and my personal favorite, ""Philosophy"".For the money, try Philosophy's ""The Present"".  You will be happy you did..."
"Really, I don't have this. I am going to research this. God, I hope it wasn't that ambien night. Oh boy!"
"So here's my review on Revlon Colorsilk: Wow, by far the worst hair color I have ever used! I have been coloring my hair 10+ years now and this was horrible. Why is this on lists that great hair coloring?  The only good thing is that it's cheap but if it doesn't do it's job then cheap means absolutely nothing. The hair dye only colored my new hair growth but did NOT cover the white hairs!  It also did nothing in terms to coloring over another shade that I had dyed my hair previously. Perhaps that's not what it's intended for, fine. But it should at LEAST color my whites, right? Nope.  Not one that but now my hair feels like HAY. I always wondered why people complained that dying their hair damages it etc because oddly enough, my hair would feel SO smooth afterward. Not so with this dye!This product did not deliver."
"There is absolutely nothing special about this product, which leads me to wonder why anyone would gravitate towards it.  I thought that maybe it would help out with my wife's dry scalp.  Sadly, this is yet another product that utilizes false advertising to rope in unsuspecting consumers.  This isn't marketed as hair care for ethnic women, and yet that's really what it is.  It is really just scented mineral oil.  This was not intended for thinner hair and so my wife was not in for a good experience.  I'd say `read the label' before purchasing, and then again the label makes no mention of the products true intentions.  This product gave my wife greasy hair and made her feel dirty to the point where she raced to get it washed out of her hair, which took a while."
I guess you get what you pay for. the material is not very good they are made of some kind of plastic and it can be bothersome to my eyes.
I always used the Clinique toner. Number 3 in the fall and winter. Then number 4 in the spring and summer. I decide to purchase this Proactiv Toner because it was cheaper. It has a weird smell to it. I am very sensitive to smells in face products and I don't like it. I have very oily skin and it does nothing to control that. It does't help to reduce my acne. It's nothing special.
"I agree this is probably great value but these little rhinestones really look cheap... to the point where I actually don't want to use them at all. I tried them once and my nails came out looking horrible with them so now I find myself using other rhinestones. They are smaller than others, both rhinestones and rhinestone wheels."
"I was so excited when (after very disciplined regular usage) I saw amazing results. But sure enough, after stopping, only a week or two later I was back at square one! It does work though, so if you have no problem using it for the rest of your life, or just need it for a time when you want those results albeit temporary, then go for it, you won't be disappointed. I only give it a low rating because I was hoping it would be a permanent solution."
"AHA products break some people out terribly, and that's what happened to me. At least now I know to be extra wary of AHA. I used it for a month, and reduced the number weekly applications once my face started freaking out. Unfortunately it did not get better from there. Based on the research I did prior to purchasing, this is probably a good product to buy if you already know AHA doesn't give you evil acne, and you don't mind a bunch of parabens."
The first thing she did not like was the way that it smelled. She says it has a strange lingering after smell that she did not like. She has very kinky brown hair and needs alot to tame those frizzies. She also did not like the thickness of this product she said it was not thick enough for her hair. Also the bottle is small considering the price which is a little higher than she would pay.Buy something else!
"I've been cutting my husband's hair for over 37 years now, so I've purchased quite a few hair cutting shears.  I usually buy them at beauty supply stores, but I decided to order some online this time.  Unfortunately I found these to be a bit stiff (which I could live with) and not sharp enough (which I can't live with).  When shears aren't sharp enough, they ""push"" the hair away rather than cut it.  I suppose sharpening shears is a science and there can always be a bad apple among the bunch.  I decided to return these."
"The reason I wanted a waterproof eyeliner is because most eyeliners give me raccoon eyes soon after applying, so I usually don't use them.  So I was advised to get a waterproof one.  This &#34;waterproof&#34; liner smears and smudges more than non-waterproof ones I have tried . Too bad because it did go on nice, easy, and smooth.  But for what ? What's weird is that the actual SMUDGES wouldn't budge so easy, so I'm having to wipe my eyes real hard to get it off, not good.  This eyeliner truly SUCKS.  Boooooooo !!!!"
"I wanted an alternative to American Crew's Fiber since not all stores carry it.[Good]This is pretty good at styling your hair.When it dries, your hair will look natural. It won't be slick and you won't look sleazy or old with it.It has a much better feel than American Crew's Fiber when you're applying it.It has a decent container.[Bad]People will be able to smell the cheap cologne scent on your head for miles. It is really strong and overpowering especially indoors. The scent is so strong that you can't even get rid of it after a shower. It just lingers for hours. Even if you use less of it, it's still really noticeable. The kicker is that I have a really bad sense of smell, and this is just way to overpowering even for myself. I just can't use it for this reason.[Verdict]This should have been a five star product. I know that super strong scents are part of the Axe brand. I just thought that they were trying to reinvent themselves recently. I guess I was wrong. It's funny that the cheapest products use so much perfume and cologne, that you'd think they cost more to manufacture than more expensive brands.Until they greatly reduce the scent, I'm sticking with American Crew's Fiber. If I wanted a cologne smell, I'd buy it and apply it separately."
"This kit comes with a battery (included) operated device that has a spinning peg.  It also has a brush head and a foam head, a tube of cleanser, and a tube of microdermabrasion paste.The labeling is not clear, and instructions are almost non-existent.  You're to attach the appropriate head to the unit, the brush for cleansing or the foam pad for abrading, then moisten your face, apply the appropriate product and have at it.  OK, well, how much product am I supposed to use?  The tubes are the same size, but you're supposed to, if you choose, use the cleanser daily, and the microdermabasion once a week.  So does that mean you use seven times as much of the microdermabrasion paste as cleanser?Actually, it didn't matter in the end.  I didn't like either ""tube"" product.  Each dried rapidly on my face, even though I splashed it good with water beforehand.  I always splash my face with water before I start any sort of cleansing.  I rinsed off the cleanser and applied my usual lightly foaming cleanser.That I liked.  The brush head has very soft bristles, and my skin was very clean and my skin felt fabulous.The foam head, for microdermabrasion, is very like a good, firm makeup sponge.  Since the product dried on my face, I tried it on knees, elbows and the backs of my hands.  There was a tiny bit of dead skin removal, which is appropriate.  However, the skin on my knees turned beet red for a while.It's fourth down, and Olay is going to have to punt.  My advice is skip this, and use a BHA, AHA, or PHA product to exfoliate.  This thing is just a waste of time."
"**1 YEAR UPDATE**these brushes are an absolute mess. after 3 or 4 washes they nearly started disintegrating. and i can promise you its not user error. i bought these as a cheap quick replacement for my mac brushes which were lost along with my baggage at the airport.so lets get into thisi was initially so overwhelmed by how nice they were that i overlooked some quality details. after the second wash the brushes were no longer soft, but they were rough and very irritating to use, *think of using stiff think hair synthetic extensions to put on your blush*then i noticed that this brush set is redundant. half the brushes are nearly identical to others in the set. the fan brush is useless, there are like 3 flat brushes that are extremely similar. all the small brushes are useless except the rounded smudging brush. the blush and small powder brush are thin and useless if you can use these brushes to contour, please tell me all about your witchcraft.the fallout is HORRIFYING. every time i use the powder brush, it leaves hairs on my face.if you're like 15 and just starting to use makeup, then these would probably be fine for you, but for someone looking for quality, quantity and longevity. look somewhere else. because these aren't going to suit your needs._________________________________Org. Review--so lets start off with shipping, i bought 50 dollars in super saver shipping elidgeable cosmetics, and then these wonderful brushes. they were in Washington the next day, and then at my doorstep today so all together it took about 4 days to ship. so extremely fast shipping. when i opened up the shany box, (which i love to death) i unwrapped the case and brushes, and it smelled almost like gasoline, but it went away after i washed the brushes, the brushes are SOOOO soft. i had no shedding AT ALL after i washed them. SO WASH WASH WASH to get all they dye and odor out of them. the handles are matte black and in silver they say SHANY cosmetics. absolutely beautiful. i could not be happier. if your looking for tip top quality cosmetic brushes. you found them right now. dont hesitate buy them!!! im just so so amazed and i hope you will be too!"
I am African American and purchased this soap as a hope that it would help me with acne scars. This soap really did nothing for me at all. I used it consistently for a month and no results.
"First, I will say that I absolutely loved the color result of this product. It was the perfect dark brown.  I got so many compliments on it. Also, I am a veteran home hair color consumer.Now . . . Something is not right with this product.  It may be ammonia-free, but there is a chemical equally harsh, possibly more so in it. There really is no bad smell, but it most certainly had fumes. Fumes that stung both my eyes and throat. That was mysteriously disturbing.  Then, when I washed the color out, my hair felt like wires.  My first thought was, to quote Gob Bluth, ""I've made a huge mistake."" Then I conditioned it, thinking that would take care of the wiry feel. At best, it upgraded the feel from wires to straw.  ??? So I was quite disappointed in this product.  I just touched up my gray roots with Clairol's Natural Instincts and, while I have used this product numerous times in the past, I could not get over the difference in the feel of my hair after merely rinsing the color out. Very smooth, no wires. Post-conditioner? Super slick and smooth. I realize that Natural Instincts is semi-permanent, but it also touts the ammonia-free label. I DO NOT recommend Olia. If you do a Google search on it, you will find at least one forum where women have had their hair come out in clumps, or they've not been able to get it rinsed out after days and days of washing and rinsing, and other such horrors. It's not worth the cost or the risk, so BUYER BEWARE."
"I heard so much great things about these vitamins on youtube. I ordered two bottles from their websites at about $24 each and I was so excited to started using them. I took them for almost a month. I didn't get any breakouts but my hair starting breaking and shedding more than normal. I didn't mind the shedding, but the breaking and the split ends were scary. I stopped taking them and sold the other bottle here on Amazon. I gave up hope and didn't think there was any vitamins out there that could help..but I was wrong. I decided to start Maxi Hair three weeks ago and boy I love it. My hair has grown to almost an inch in 3 weeks. It is shinny and strong..and the best part is it's a lot cheaper. For those of you who find that Hairfinity is working for u..than kudos to you. But there are other things out there that can help."
these pencils do  not work well at all they are just to hard and you really have to press and keep going over the line to get it to show but I am going to keep them around for Halloween you get what you pay for I guess.
"Returned.  I assumed that since they were the same color as the narrow (corkscrew) Curlformers that I purchased at Sally's that they would be the same diameter of curl.... They aren't.  They are the medium spiral curl.  I read through all the descriptions on all the products offered before buying and there was just nothing to give me an indication as to the tightness of the curl.  Also, just as a warning to some... They arrived with no packaging, just in an everyday zip-lock bag with a barcode taped to it.  I am a freak about staying away from used products that will go in my hair so it just worried me a little bit.  I'll stick to buying the real Curlformers, at least I know what I'm getting."
"I bought this product because of all good reviews I read about it, and my good experience of Dove's other products. However I became disappointed by this one. It doesn't give me any result at all! specially  it doesn't tame the frizz(as it claims!)."
"Why do we do this to ourselves? only diet and exersize solve this problem, I should know better.  it's a nice lotion but thats not why I bought it."
"I loved the idea of Hydroxatone AM/PM anti-Wrinkle Complex - anytime a product can do double duty I'm all for it, particularly because apartment living limits the available medicine cabinet space.This cream did not live up to that all-in-one promise. It is a thick cream so it does feel suitable for nighttime use.  Day use, however, did not work for me.  The cream was thick enough to interfere with my foundation and my face looked greasy.  I had to dig out some pressed powder to cut out the shine which added time to my morning routine.I walk about a mile or so to the train and I don't know if it was because of the greasiness of the formula or because the sun screen is not adequate,or something in the product made my skin more sun sensitive, but on a day with strong winter sun I got a little pink in the cheeks - and I'm not that fair.  Reminded me more of tanning oil than sun screen.Can't comment yet on the anti-wrinkle aspect of this, but it is thick enough so it might work with twice daily use.  I'll be limiting my use to nighttime only."
I have a couple others rubber bottle holders and the opening on this one is way smaller than the rest. I usually use these for holding my top coat and this warps when I put not only my Seche Vite in it but China Glaze and OPI as well! It warps so much one half of the bottom is off the ground making it wobbly and completely defeating the purpose of the thing.Will not buy again.
"Procter and Gamble has always been honest about their Olay line: it doesn't provide surgical results and it doesn't even take the place of a visit to the dermatologist ... but it does allow for small, positive changes.Though this product is inexpensive, I agree with the opinion of some other reviewers ... it's a little gimmicky. You would be better off to invest in theOlay Anti-Aging Starter Protocol Pro-X Kitwhich is a bit more intensive and offers better results. This will make your skin softer, but there were no other noticeable results (for me). (But I also do not smoke, do not drink, have a strict diet, and wear SPF every day ... someone who needs genuine repair may see other results).My personal opinion is that instead of experimenting with the product du jour, men/women interested in skincare should book an appointment with the dermatologist and get a professional opinion. My dermatologist customizes programs for her clients' specific needs ... you simply cannot do this in the aisles of Wal-Mart. The bad part is that the expense doesn't stop here. You'll probably be given a prescription for Renova (which is about $200.00) and be told to invest in a moisturizer (about $15.00-$35.00) and an SPF lotion/foundation (price varies). So, if you are always experimenting with  the newest product and dropping $30 here, $40 there ... then just see a dermatologist. If you do not expect significant results and will be pleased with small changes, then try some of the Pro-X or Regenerist products.Bottom line: While Olay's Skin Rehab isn't going to inspire drastic changes, it will leave your skin feeling softer. The price is appealing, but there are only two weeks worth of product included."
"I truly am not trying to insult those who swear this actually works. Hey - maybe ya'll simply figured it out better than I could. If so -- Bravo!  But it totally bombed for me!I read the instructions and tried several times, but could not escape what seems to be the sheer physics of it: the tapes hold okay, but one slender point of contact with the skin on each side of the face, is incapable of lifting the entire area in a way which is useful or vaguely natural-looking.The contraption instead functions more like you'd expect a fish hook stuck in the face, rudely hoisting just a sliver of cheek skin up and creating a weird pulled effect. (And I'm just talking about the part that supposedly tightens the midface; the other part that aims to tighten the neck, did nothing at all.)The only thing I got outta this whole exercise was a good laugh at myself for falling for this one."
"I wanted it for a Bronzer but the color is way too light no matter how much you put on, so I use it as a foundation powder instead. I guess I need to buy a darker one..."
"I don't like the smell of this conditioner. It's perfumey and teeters on the edge of being overpowering. Luckily, it fades as my hair dries, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to use it more than once. I don't find it to be particularly good for my hair, or bad. It just seems to be average. It made my hair easier to detangle than if I had used no conditioner at all, but I didn't find it to be any more effective than other brand of conditioners in this price category.This conditioner works as well as any to make my hair easy to detangle when it's wet, and manageable when it's dry, but the overpowering scent makes it a no go for me."
"I liked this at first, but after a few months several of the rounded tips at the end of each bristle came off, creating a brush that is very scratchy.  I will not use it any more.  My husband doesn't seem to mind it so he is using it."
"This item doesn't exfoliate, the beads in it are sparse and a complete joke.It doesn't lather, which is fine with me, but the formula of its cream like substance clogs my pores, making acne worse. The item is a contradictory to itself. It reminds me of Cetaphil's cleanser, which did the exact same thing to my skin after a long period of use. The ingredients leave a film on your face, so it's like you're washing your face with conditioner. I've come across much better non lather facial cleansers that actually leave the face feeling clean.I tossed I out. After 1.5 months of use, I used too much of it to be able to return. will not repurchase."
"I don't know what all the fuss is about.  This product is very drying of the delicate eye area and it actually hurts my eyes - not good!  Also it's not very effective in removing eye makeup, especially long-wear/waterproof mascara - which is supposed to be its selling point.Bobbi Brown's Instant Long Wear Makeup Remover is better, and even plain old Pond's Cold Cream does a better job and both are much gentler - no pain!  Sorry I've used it otherwise I'd return for a refund.  Spend your money on something else."
"I really don't like handing out a one star rating, but what else is there to do with a product that breaks the first minute of use and stinks so badly that your hands smell for half an hour after handling it?The pumice stone is supposed to detach... it's glued to a pad that then snaps into place in the middle of the device. With my test sample, the stone detached from the glued pad while I was rubbing my foot on the stone. I wasn't even applying much pressure, as I had it sitting on a plush carpeted floor.The stone could be reglued, but the whole thing stinks so badly that even handling it with my hands left them smelling of chemical. Some reviewers have termed this a ""PVC"" smell, but in my opinion, it's much worse than that. It's perhaps the strongest and worse smelling chemical odor I've ever smelled coming from a health and beauty product. I don't know what samples the other reviewers received, but mine is absolutely worthless and disgusting."
"Not any better for stamping than yellow Sally Hansen Insta-dry, though it's not any worse. I would recommend spending your money on a different color (not gold, the gold was even worse.)"
"This is almost completely invisible. I would not call it pink, because there's no color on my nails after using this."
"This is not what I expected of a BB cream. I wanted something to smooth out uneven tone and provide a stabilizing layer for my foundation. This 'cream' feels quite greasy and it stays oily so that I can't really put anything on top. It didn't absorb well. If it was meant to provide light coverage, I didn't notice any kind of color tone."
"I don't have anything amazing to say about this and I don't have anything terrible, I won't buy it again.  It is just ok, doesn't' leave my hair with any extra softness or shine just frizzy and clean; still have to use the Moroccan oil.  O"
"Was sad to have fan work for a few seconds then falter and die, over all was not happy with this as it seems very cheap in quality and also very small hand opening."
"Didn't do a thing for my acne.  Maybe it would work for others, but I have black heads and white heads that are impossible to get rid of.  I was hoping this would dry them out, but no.  :("
"color is way too black, not mixed wel  in container, messy, discolors fabrics, don't recommend this except for possible halloween contume product,"
I love Bare Escentuals and use many of their products but this one did not work for me.  I have oily skin though I'm in my 50's and this exacerbated my break outs.  I wouldn't recommend it for others with similar demographics.
"Repeated use of this hand soap completely dried out my hands to the point of the skin around my fingernails cracking. I had to throw this product away. And when I stopped using it and went to another hand soap, the skin on my hands got better almost instantly.I've now tried this and the lemon counter top spay and have been totally unimpressed with the performace of the Mrs. Meyer's products. They may smell nice but they perform mediocre at best."
This blow dryer vibrates terribly in your hand while using and that makes it very uncomfortable. I returned it and got a refund.
This just crapped out on me one day & Farouk wouldn't take it back. Pissed me off that I spent so much on a straightener that didn't even last a year!
I bought this thinking it would be great for mine and my daughters hair. I will admit the first time I used it I used WAY too much product on both our hair and it came out sticky with flakes and never really dried fully. So I tried again a few months later on my daughters hair only because her curl patter is looser then mine. I used only a little and while the results were better it still left a sticky flaky residue in her hair. So I tried it on a twist out in both our hair and same thing! The flaky residue makes you look like you have dandruff and was just gross. I have a whole unused jar that I have now had for over a year. I just refuse to try it again and at the price it's not worth it at all. I ended up making my own flaxseed gel that had MUCH better results and it cost me $1 for the seeds and 15 min of my time to make it.
I have used the cream all the way to the end. It caused my skin to break out. I will not buy this item again.
If you are truly sensitive to scents do not buy this as it has a noticeable scents and is not returnable.  Plus it is quite expensive for hair spray.
"My skin is dry so I m always looking for nice product for my dry skin. This one, awful. It don't make my skin more moist but smell strange and after I m trying so hard wash it but still something left on my skin. Under the light I can see their shinning. I do not like my skin just looks shining with some material I can't tell. I pay for make my skin health and comfortable soft. I m so glade it didn't damage my skin."
Returned.  It was too large and cumbersome for my small hands to manipulate.  That's not to say that it isn't a flat iron and I was sorry that I had to return it without even trying it.
"First of all, I got my Naked Palette on UrbanDecay.com (After signing up on the ""wish list"" and they emailed me to tell me they had one for me about two months later)..... I paid the regular $44! ANY PERSON SELLING IT FOR MORE THAN THAT SHOULD BE PULLED FROM THIS SITE! It is absolutely ludicrous for anyone to be getting away with this kind of selling tactics....... DO NOT BUY THIS PALETTE FOR MORE THAN $44!!!!!!On a side note I absolutely LOVE my Naked palette, it is definitely worth the $44............. NOT $80!!!"
"I bought this item because it was the rave in You Tube, I have only used it three times so far so I can't really see benefit from its use so far. However I have noticed quite a lot of little hole on my face. I am hoping this is temporary."
It has sylisic Acid in it..It's really hard on your skin. My Skin was in horrible shape after I used this..
"I tried the dryer balls hoping to cut my drying time. Yeah right! There was no difference at all, the clothes are not softer, and I still had to use a dryer sheet to eliminate static (despite the package which says you don't have to use dryer sheets anymore). All they do is clunk LOUDLY as your clothes are drying, making it obnoxious and annoying. Plus, they'd always get stuck in my clothes and would just disappear within the pile. A waste of money."
"I accidentally forgot my makeup when leaving for a trip so I bought this because I needed an inexpensive replacement.  Knowing that I'd be returning to my full makeup bag at home, I didn't want to commit to buying duplicates of things I already owned and figured that perhaps I would even find an inexpensive solution to my belovedLaura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer - Oil Free NudeSo I tried this product.  Unfortunately it frankly did very little for my skin.  It was very, very sheer, so much so that it provided barely any coverage and made no noticeable improvements to my skin.  I could see this being okay for someone who already has amazing skin and wants only a faint hint of color, but having some skin imperfections and issues with redness, this didn't seem to help as much as the Laura Mercier does.  I also didn't find it very moisturizing.  I still had to apply lotion underneath and it didn't feel nearly as hydrating on my skin as the Laura Mercier does.The one positive thing I will say is that the SPF 21 was effective and did work well as a sunscreen, even though I was out and about in the sun on 80 degree days.Overall this just isn't worth it to me, even at the very affordable price point, because it seems to do next to nothing."
"Well, I received the product today and I don't know if I like it because it all leaked out into a plastic baggie that it was wrapped in. I could scrape it out of the baggie but that's not what I paid for."
I was very skeptical to purchase this but there were some great reviews so I thought why not.  Not a good product.  I applied per the directions and did not notice any change in my color.  I will not purchase again.
This did nothing at all for my hair. If anything it left my hair feeling dry. Regular KPak treatment is much better.
"I got the Antwerp. I am so unhappy! Ok, yes, it is matte. But I put it on and it settled on the surface of my lips (they're dry, but I did balm up first). About an hour later, it had faded unevenly (and I didn't eat, drink, or whatever--I just sat on the train) and my lips looked dryer than ever. I tried to add in balm then, and it smeared around without really mixing.As for the color, Antwerp, I thought it was supposed to have a bit of orange in it, but it came out bubblegum pink for me."
"I am not impressed with this brush, the hairs of the brush fall out as you use it.  When I was done applying make-up, I had black hairs all over my face.  I requested a return, but the postage to return it would be almost what I paid for the brush, so I might as well keep it."
CoverGirl 300 Flamed Out Mascara is not my favorite.  The brush is stubby and the hourglass shape makes applying the mascara difficult.  The mascara itself is thick and clumps on the brush; my eyelashes often end up sticking together and I inevitably get some on my eyelids.  The mascara does not hold the curl of an eyelash curler very well.  The Very Black Blaze color is nice and the formula is long lasting; the mascara is easy to remove.  I'll use the remainder of the tube since I have it but I won't get another one.
I honestly don't think this did anything for me at all. I had hopes that it would work but just a pure waste of money.
"I've been buying Mistral's ""Wild Blackberry"" soap for years and it was my absolute favorite smell, but the last two batches I got smelled different. At first I thought I was going crazy, but then I ordered two more bars and it's definitely a different fragrance. It's way more perfume-y and heavy on floral notes, less on fruity and musky notes. I'm so devastated because it used to smell heavenly and powdery and musky, now it smells like fuddy duddy perfume. It is crazy to think why anyone would fool with perfection. I emailed Mistral to confirm the change, but they haven't written back."
This is a good scrub at a good price. The problem is the perfume smell is overpowering and sickening. I would not buy again because of the strong scent. I like the Philosophy scrub a lot better - it's more money but lasts longer and doesn't smell.
"The hairs on these lashes are knotted onto a white-colored filament, so when you glue them on, the white filament shows between the knots. So I can't use these at all and don't know how others are managing this - maybe applying lots of liquid liner over them. Pencil liner didn't work and I don't want to go through having to carefully apply liquid liner over and on top of the strip to cover the filament. I don't understand why they wouldn't use clear filament."
"this lipstick is a complete waste of money. i've been trying my hardest to like it but the color doesn't show , the tiny pieces of glitter makes your lips seem like they're chapped. This is the worse lipstick i ever tried."
"The polish itself was fine, but it isn't really a pale pink like the swatch. It seemed to fade some as well. It ended up being kind of a weird nude fleshy color. Didn't really like it. It was also hard to get good coverage."
"I owned the model before this one for about 8 years. It was fantastic and worked as well as it did the day I bought it, until its coil lit up and a curl of smoke came out the blower. Alas, it was a sad day. I specifically bought this one based on the performance of the other, and it's not lived up to par, by a long shot.I bought this dryer 6 months ago and the retractable cord already doesn't work. That's the WHOLE reason I wanted this model. This one is heavier, hotter, and the cool shot is really just warm. Not to mention, it's hot pink.In all, I'm very disappointed with this dryer, and will look for another retractable one next time. I don't recommend getting this one, if that is the feature luring you."
"This stuff is nothing special, I prefer other brands in this price range. I found the shampoo drying and the conditioner was an unpleasant texture, kind of lumpy."
Don't like then after use the tip loose the form
"Not working at all. I got some pigmentation over my upper lip after one fateful winter in Brazil, and I got this hoping it will help. Not at all. Did not whiten an inch of that pigmentation. Not sure then what kind of &#34;spots&#34; it is supposed to whiten then..."
"I never understand how this product gets such good reviews from people. First of all, it feels heavy and sits on my skin. It does not moisturize at all. You have to use a very small amount at a time, because otherwise it looks streaky and builds up on your skin. The lightest shade, porcelain, makes me look orange. And my biggest problem, after using it once it made me break out, even though I do NOT have acne-prone skin and I can normally switch between all sorts of different beauty products without getting zits. Even though the e.l.f. tinted moisturizer is really cheap, it's not worth the money at all. It doesn't moisturize, the &#34;tint&#34; didn't match my skin tone (although I could see how people would like it if they got a matching shade), and it actually made my skin worse by giving me pimples. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
I Love Rose Scent but....I had to literally throw this away!The scent .... was so STRONG...it gave me a headache!I have never had trouble with any product where the Rose scent was too strong!
I don't think these are a very good buy ...Unless you LIKE the over made up drag queen look. The reason you buy fake lashes is to make it seem like your own are naturally longer and fuller..But you dont want it to be THIS obvious. Or do you? lol Well I dont.. I dont think i'd wear these unless I was doing something for Halloween that required dramatic lashes.
"I like that it's all natural ingredients, which merits the one star.  However, after a week or so of using this product, my scalp started itching like crazy!  As soon as I stopped using it, no itchy scalp.  I'm really disappointed.  I will use it once a week or 2 weeks so I haven't completely wasted my money!"
"Goes on really gross... the color is not that great either. If your lips are not baby butt smooth, and even have the slightest of ridges.. this lipstick looks awful. I do not recommend."
The brush and product looks nice  but the color itself in ash is quite ugly.  I dont like the way the salt and pepper looked on my gray hair color.  I am not sure about the other colors.  I ended up using the brush and just mixing some brown eyeshadow powder instead. It worked better.  Not worth the cost in my opinion.
"I have long, naturally coarse (but relaxed) hair and I bought Shea Moisture's Deep Treatment Masque from Target after having had such a great experience with Shea Moisture's Moisture Retention Shampoo (it's the most gentle and moisturizing shampoo I've ever used). I had such high hopes for this product! The ingredients are of a high quality and I expected it to be very moisturizing. However, my first wave of disappointment came when I rinsed out the treatment and my hair did not have that smooth, sleek feeling that it usually has when I'm rinsing out a good moisturizing conditioner. It felt more like I was rinsing out a somewhat harsh shampoo. That was a foreshadowing of things to come because the end result was very dry hair! It didn't feel as if I had conditioned my hair at all. I have gotten better results from using cheap instant conditioners. The only positive things I can say about this product are that the ingredients are great and it smells good. I just wish it made my hair feel half as good!The product had great reviews on Target, but I did note that one of the reviews stated that the formula had changed and that the reviewer now hates the product. I can see why! I would just throw it away, but as it was $9.99 and it does have good, natural ingredients, I've just been adding a bit to my other deep conditioners to slowly get rid of it. The container states that it can also be used as a leave-in, which I may eventually try. I hope to have better luck with that!EDIT: This product does work pretty well as a leave-in. It moisturizes decently, but leaves some residue on the surface of my hair as if it doesn't absorb completely. It's definitely better as a leave-in than it is as a deep conditioner. However, as I don't need another leave-in (I needed a deep conditioner, which is what this product is marketed as), I won't be purchasing this again.Note: Please do not buy this product or any other Shea Moisture hair product for more than $9.99! I'm baffled that they're being sold for so much more than this! This product and all other Shea Moisture products normally retail for $9.99, which is the manufacturer's price. You can find them at Walgreens and Target for $9.99.Ingredients: deionized water, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea butter) (denotes certified organic ingredients), Argan oil, vegetable glycerin, emulsifying wax, sea kelp extract, Panthenol (vitamin B-5), essential oil blend, avocado oil, Lonicera Caprifolium (honeysuckle) flower and Lonicera Japonica (Japanese honeysuckle) flower extract, Tocopherol (vitamin E), Hyssopus Officinalis Extract, Salvia Officinalis (sage) leaf and Equisetum Arvense Extract, soybean oil and Daucus Carota Sativa (carrot) seed oil"
"Yep, this irritated my skin too. It was disappointing. I have very sensitive skin and it's too bad that I couldn't use them."
price needs to go down for this little gem whats old should be shared not held just for the rich what about the middle class person that loves this item! If I to harsh sorry but I use to purchase this soap and it did everything but put a whole in my hand bag.
"This is not the best hair straightener I have ever used.  The directions were a little unclear as regarding how to add and remove the plates but once I figured this out it was easy to interchange the part.  The straighter works well if used properly. However, the curl and volumizing plates did not work well for me.  The volumizing plates did not really make a difference, just added a bit more &#8220;thickness&#8221; to my hair. People with thinner hair may see better results.  With the curling sleeve, my hair did not look lightly curled or even wavy. The result was more like a crimp in the middle of the hair, with the top and ends of the hair staying straight.  I think this is due to the way you have to wind the tool around your hair. The plates are hot which can make rotating the iron difficult. I have very thick hair and the Instyler and Infiniti Pro work better for my hair texture. I think buying a basic hair straighter and a curling wand would provide better results."
"John Frieda Frizz-Ease Dream Curls Curl Perfecting Spray is, of course, a product of the John Frieda Corporation.  Frieda was at one time a famous, award winning hairdresser.  He was inspired to found a self-named beauty products corporation that has become a major player in the hair products world.  It has made a good reputation for itself particularly in the areas of color  enhancement and frizz prevention products.My hair is naturally curly with a tendency to frizz, so of course I'm always looking for products that will enhance my efforts in this line: frankly, am not as adept as I might be  in dealing with hair.  Have found, over the years, frustratingly enough that whereas a good hairdresser blowout that allows for my curls and waves  may well look very pretty and last for up to a week, or even more, when I do my own hair, even with mousse or some kind of hair product, and leave it curly, it seldom lasts even overnight.  And that's now with the long overdue acquisition of silk pillowcases that do make my blowouts last forever.  So, in my latest efforts to figure this problem out, have bought several John Frieda products, including this one.  Used it as instructed.The manufacturer states that this product will transform wilted waves and curls into sexy swerves, curves & spirals, and that its alcohol-free formula will leave hair super-silky, never crispy. Frieda furthermore claims that this product's breakthrough curl perfecter will work if you just  spray and scrunch your hair; that it will produce highly defined swirls and curls that are soft, sexy and silky. They add that the product's innovative magnesium enriched formula will penetrate your hair to restore elasticity and spring, boosting and enhancing your natural curl pattern. Finally they state that the product's special conditioning and glossing agents, and its non-greasy and non-sticky formula, will help leave hair frizz free and glistening with healthy-looking shine.I have been using this product for a while now and have found that it does, indeed, create darling little curls when freshly done.  But they last barely a day, and that's without getting caught in the rain, or on a humid day, or doing anything vigorous and sweaty.  Yesterday I went into an hour's tough aerobic dancing class with adorable curls, and came out a frizzy mess.  I'm afraid this product doesn't work, at least not for me."
"I was disappointed to find that this shampoo didn't work well on my hair at all.  It claims to be strengthening and nourishing, but nope...my hair was left extremely dry, brittle and coarse even after I applied a rich deep conditioner.  I could hardly pull the comb through my hair afterwards.  A waste of money and it is full of harsh chemicals."
"This moisturizer has a lovely mousse-like texture, goes on smooth, ""seemingly' rapidly absorbed into skin. However, about a half hour after first applying, I noticed an odd residue that is difficult to describe. When I touched my skin, I noticed a residue that seemed to rub off as tiny little dried pieces of the moisturizer. I have experienced this once before when using a Murad product with vitamin C. I do not believe this has any Vitamin C so I do not know the cause. The residue left on my skin after applying this does not seem conducive to the application of makeup following moisturizer. I have tried Aveeno skin care products, particularly moisturizers, in the past and have been satisfied. Perhaps this product reacted somehow with some residue left by my facial wash, although I don't believe so, perhaps it was one or more of the sunscreen ingredients. I just can't use this. But I will continue to try other Aveeno products."
I bought this to replace my Turbie Twist towels.I really don't like how the microfiber material feels on my wet ears/scalp.It is well made but just not for me.
"This was just ok. I have slightly sensitive skin and this didn't do anything to help. It doesn't seem to really do anything for my skin, other than make it smell good for about two minutes. I have been using the Oil of Olay wipes and those are far better at conditioning my skin and improving the look and feel of it. It also didn't make removing making any easier than just water and any other cloth. Because they are pre-moistened, you get what you get on the wipes and each one seemed a little dryer than it should have been (in terms of a pre-moistened cloth). I don't think the pack was drying up. I will not purchase any more or recommend these."
It didn't do much for me. I purchased it to cover my acne scars and hide my dark circles... It won't spread and it thins if you try to spread it. Not purchasing again. I used it less than 10 days.
"I love the Cinnamon Buns shower gel, so I thought I would try the lip gloss. For one thing, it smells/tastes nothing like Cinnamon buns. I don't know what the flavor is, but I don't like it. Maybe they have added almond or something. Secondly, it's way too sticky. My hair kept getting stuck to my lips. It reminds me of vaseline. Since I got this product in a kit, I cannot return it, but I will not be using it again."
"I've only used it once, on my body at night as a moisturizer before bed.  Compared to raw unrefined coconut oil, it feels more &#34;dense&#34; when rubbing it on&#8230;it's more difficult to spread and rub into the skin...for example, using it as a lubricant for massages (or whatever else) is out of the question.  The next morning, I felt as moisturized as I did with my raw unrefined coconut oil.  But the smell&#8230;OMG, the smell is NOT good.  When I use coconut oil, I smell divine, natural, luxurious with a light coconut scent&#8230;and my skin is off-the-charts gorgeous with a healthy glow after I apply it&#8230;there's no glow with this shea butter.  I'm sure it's beneficial to the skin...I'm just going to have to find some uses for it, i.e., mix it with other oils to mask that awful smell."
"Nothing more than hyped up silicone in a bottle, this product is so full of silicones it would prevent any of it's ""anti aging"" ingredients from penetrating at all, their ""study"" to prove this stuff ""really works"" was funded by, none other than guess who? Boots! one of the many silicones listed in this is known to build up for months and can be dangerous, this is example of how advertising can really fool people."
"These brushes are so cheaply made, its so sad, I mean they are pretty cheap, the paint on them smells so bad it makes me sick (and Im not sensitive to smells) one came broken, one broke when I tried to take the plastic cover off. No I would not consider this a good buy."
These a not individual pieces of hair or hairlike pieces. Almost like plastic.  They are not realistic at all to me.  I would not buy these again.
"The yellow and the purple in the set I received were too thin to stand on their own with a normal amount of coats. The yellow was the color of chicken soup, not the flashy neon I was expecting. The other colors I have managed to work with but the polish is very prone to chipping and tip wear- I've had chips pop up the same day I put the polish on. Save yourself some time and effort and go for something else."
"I was very disappointed in this product.  it's nothing special and I really gave it a try too. I would not recommend this product to anyone, what it does, many on the market product can do."
"I've purchased three bottles and found like another reviewer mentioned that half way through the bottle it is useless because it becomes so thick.  At that point I have to toss it.  Otherwise, it's a decent product."
The pencil is too &#34;gooey&#34; I don't like the way it goes on my eyebrows and it makes the hairs stick together all weird. I will not be buying again.
"This product should only be used after flat ironing/pressing your hair to keep it straight. I used it in my 4C hair and it dried it out completely and made the curls tighter. I might use this to keep my hair straight after a flat iron process, but then again I don't straighten my hair. This product is probably best for women with straight hair."
I have thick medium textured straight hair and blow dry with a round brush. A liberal application of this gave no noticeable lift.I thought maybe my hair is too heavy but I noticed reviewers with fine hair say the same. Also has a very noticeable cheap air freshener like smell. Really nothing good to say about this. Surprising from a usually decent product line.
"""Natural"" does not equal healthy or good for every person because each person is different.  This three step program from Nature's Gate is a great example of this fact.  The program is for 6 weeks but after 4 weeks I've learned enough.  Note: I used the product as directed for 2 weeks then needed to make adjustments because of reactions.The Corrective Cleanser is ok but never feels like it truly washes away from my skin.  It did seem to clear things well.The Calming Toner never really seemed to do much and this is partly because I found the instructions unclear.  How much should I put on the cotton ball?  Should it leave my face wet, dry, somewhere in between?  The imbalance in instructions equaled less toner than cleanser over all.Oddly the Controling Lotion was both a positive and a negative for me.  On my cheeks and forehead it worked great.  Good moisture with no feeling of greasiness.  But on my chin and the space between mouth and nose I saw increases in breakouts, in places I never have them.  When I stopped using the lotion, the breakouts lessened but didn't completely stop.That's a problem since this product is supposed to stop them.  Clearly for my skin this is not a very good product so I will now stop using it after this review.  The two stars is because I think the lotion was good for some parts of my face and over all the program was easy to follow.  Your own skin will react differently."
"Been hearing a lot about the Garnier line of skin care, thought I would give one a try.Big mistake, money wasted.The smell is awful, sort of like a funky smelling aftershave.And it is NOT for those of us with sensitive skin. When I first applied itmy face burned and it made my eyes water.. wasn't using it on my eye area, that was just from being on my face.However, being stupid I left it on went outside and started doing yard work. After about 20 minutes I had to go in and wash it off. It was burning that bad.Made my skin look like a lobster.So moral of this little tale if you have sensitive skin, and strong yucky smells bother you, perhaps your money would be better spent on another product!Good Luck"
"it was broken, and i was very upset about it. i didnt even get to use it!!! i was really looking forward to using this and adding it to my kit"
"I tried this product out of desperation. I'm in my late 20's and have had moderate acne since I was a teen and nothing ever really works long term. I really wanted to give this a treatment a solid chance so I made sure I followed the directions exactly. I washed my face twice a day with step one and followed it with step two each time. During the day I would use their super light moisturizer and did the mask 3 times each week (putting it on all over my face and letting it set for 20 minutes before rinsing). I used the product precisely for two weeks and didn't have very good results. My small bumps that didn't come to a head were minimized so I could see this working for someone with mild acne. I still continued to get new white heads and large red pimples the entire time. My skin was very sensitive during this time but I expected it to be, but hoped it would ease up over time, it didn't.I also tried using the refining mask as spot treatment as many other people recommended that to be the most effective way to use the system. I was not happy with the results with this. I tried putting it on at night as the last step of the system and it would make the white heads larger the next day and the larger red pimples more inflamed. But again I could see this working for someone with mild acne but not moderate to intense acne.I think their automatic re-ordering is rather shady as there is no way to opt out of the automatic re-ordering when placing your first order. I tried to go in right away to post-pone my re-ordering options and it wouldn't allow me to do soon until product was delivered (which they delivered to the wrong address-my billing address-yet they sent to invoice to the shipping address).  I pushed the date back as far as it would go 16 weeks as I didn't want them sending me new product right away (it defaulted to 2 weeks from when my initial order was place, but my kit was supposed to last 90 days!). They do not allow you to cancel your account online, you have to call their customer service line. I called at 7pm and got a live person rather quick and I explained my dissatisfaction with the product and that I wanted to cancel the account. She stated she would cancel the account but wouldn't give me any sort of cancellation number. I asked if I would receive notice of the cancellation and was told I would be mailed one, but haven't received it yet.  My card hasn't been charged yet for additional shipments (as I've heard happen to other people) but I'll be watching it for the next 16 weeks to see if they try to continue my account. I was also disappointed that I wasn't offered any kind of refund or option to send the product back for a partial refund as their ads and web site state they offer this. I'm out $40 for a 30 day supply (after shipping) which isn't awful, but not cheap for something that didn't work for me.So I'm going back to the dermatologist to try again. So overall I could see this working for mild acne but for people with moderate acne or worse, I wouldn't buy it/sign up for their program. If you have a friend who has this product I would try theirs first to see if it works for you before investing."
TOTALLY WATERD DOWN NOW!!!!  ALL PERFUMES ARE GETTING WATERD DOWN SO BAD THAT ITS NOT WORTH SPENDING YOUR MONEY ANY LONGER ON IT.  I WILL NEVER BUY PERFUME AGAIN.  ITS ALL REALLY REALLY BAD AND NOT JUST ONE BRAND EITHER!!!!
"Smells really strange and made my skin feel strange like it was spoiled maybe just me, but I do not like this, sticking with Oil Of Olay and Dr. PerriconeYuck"
"Smells NOTHING like viva la juicy, in ANY way possible. I was very disappointed with this purchase. It smelled so heavy and gross. It was very bad. Sometimes even if the impression doesn't really smell like the real thing, it at least still kinda smells good. This does not lol."
I got it pulled it out the box and low and behold my on/off switch broke the first time using it.  I have to unplug it to change the pieces to it to do my nails this sucks if I would have known this I would have kept my money and continued to file my nails by hand when I do my acrclyic sets.......  HORRIBLE AND HATE IT WASTED MY MONEY
"I bought this soap based on all the positive reviews, and the interesting combination of scents. The only positive thing I can say about this soap is that you get a ton of it for the price. Unfortunately, it is a very thin liquid that produces almost no lather. I don't see where it has any significant cleaning properties at all, and would never use this as a shampoo (although the label suggests you can). The coconut-lemon scent is the most disappointing. The coconut is not  even remotely discernible because it is so overpowered by the strong lemon smell. I feel like I'm bathing with dishwashing liquid. I'll accept that this is an all-natural product, whatever that means, but the ingredients label reads like the contents of a chemistry set. But natural or not, I still expected this soap to lather, clean and smell nice, but it falls short in all categories."
It burns. It just burns. It does nothing but set you on fire and turn your body red red red. And forget about showering to ease the burn; that just burns more. Nope. Not for me. It's just cayenne pepper in a tube.
"I have normal skin with very minor ""acne"" this mosturizer made my face look so greasy. If you have extreme dry skin then this is totally for you."
"I soooooooo hate this product. I bought it almost 8 month ago. It so fried my hair and after all care and nurturing it never came back in its beauty.I was so mad. Wish I had read the reviews before I bought this in a grocery store.It stunk ( foul eggs), yes, you get over that little issue. Second product made it a little better feeling ( so I thought). Nothing was sleek and shine. Mu hair was one wool ball, mushy, and thin. I touched it and had a bushel hair in my hand.I had so long hair. Needed to get rid of some waves. Was just tired to blow dry and flat iron it.Could have never damaged my hair with life long daily flat ironing like this product did.No star if I could!"
"The massage action of the rollers gives a soothing sensation and plumps up the eye area immediately after use but the cream is not really effective. Very watery. And the area only stays plump for a few hours.I'm in my 20s and it does next to nothing for my fine lines, but it's an alright moisturizer. This roller should be used in combination with another eye cream for maximum effectiveness cause the rolling action helps incorporate the product alot better than just using your fingers. There are better formulas out there."
"I have very pale and sensitive skin.  It is not easy to find light moisturizer or sunscreen let alone ones that won't cause a reaction. I was hoping Total Effects Moisturizer with SPF would fit the bill, but sadly it did not for me.On my first application, it tingled a bit but I wanted to give it a try. It was very heavy and did not' absorb well. It left my skin feeling greasy and heavy.  I applied primer and foundation, hoping for the best but after about 2 hours I had to wash it off.  I tried the following day without any makeup and it burned as well, and also had me wiping it off after an hour or so.  I am guessing if you have very dry skin this would be great or as a night cream (although you don't need SPF then ).  But for fine, delicate skin this is a big NO.The product recommends applying every two hours? YIKES! You'll go through the bottle in about 2 weeks if you did that.  I would think once a day should be enough otherwise you'll ruin your makeup.Some other reviewers are having a good experience with it so be sure to check what skin types are having the best experiences.  Based on my experience, I can not recommend this product to delicate skin types."
"This moisturizer does what it says, it absorbs the oil for hours. What it doesn't say is that if you are a skin tone other than pale white you will look ashy-pale or ghostly-white!!!! No matter if you use a little, a lot, or wear under foundation, if you are caramel, cocoa, brown, tanned, your face will look painted.I am actually saddened that Clean & Clear did not think enough of people of color to tint it, test it better, or just market it for specific complexions."
"Let me start by saying the coverage is really good. I'd say it's a medium coverage. I was excited to try this out but honestly I regret purchasing it. It made my skin look absolutely OILY when my skin is usually normal. I've never had a problem with oily skin. Also, this clogged my skin & gave me nasty breakout. I had to throw it out. So disappointed with this foundation but maybe it'll work for you if you have really really dry skin & are not prone to breakouts."
"I do not understand this product. First impressions can mean a lot. In this case, I liked the fun and vibrant packaging, but when I opened the jar, the color and texture of this product made me think someone had mislabeled it and it was actually hair gel. I was reluctant to put it on my face, but I have to review these products, so apply it I did.It goes on ""wet,"" takes a few minutes to dry, and leaves the skin somewhat matte looking. I can not discern any difference between my skin before and after application of this product. Is it moisturizing? It didn't seem as if it was. I have dry skin, and it was dry before application, and dry afterwards.Additionally, I find the smell too strong. It's a perfectly nice clean flowery scent, but I wear perfume and I don't want to wear something this fragrant right on my face or have my skin care product overpower or clash with my perfume. But, that's a minor consideration when I can't detect any moisturizing properties in this at all.I am surprised. I use quite a few Olay products and like them a lot. I did think this might work as a light primer under foundation from what I read in other reviews, but it did not. I see other people gave this product five stars. I don't know what is happening on their skin, but it sure isn't on mine!"
I loved the Mens Acqua Di Gioa So when they came out with the womens I had to have it. I bought one off of Amazon. I was so thrilled to get it and it smelled FANTASTIC. However the only time I could really smell it was when It was first sprayed. The smell doesn't last. I went thru the first bottle quickly bc I felt like I needed to bathe myself in it to smell it. I figured maybe it was because I bought it off the internet. So I went to the department store and bought yet another bottle. Same thing happened. Smelt great at first but give it 5 mins can't smell it anymore. I love the smell but truthfully the price isnt worth it. I'm pretty upset bc this is one of my fav. So take it from me unless you want to bathe urself in this don't buy it.
I didn't like this at all.  It made my hair gummy.  For the rest of the day I could not run my hands through my hair because it felt tangled.  It's also not that easy to shampoo out. I used it that one time and then threw it out.  Waste of money.
I like false eyelashes but these are ridiculous.. They are really big and look nothing like the picture. I was thinking they were going to look natural and flawless. But these are really big and fake looking. And they are uneven. You can't cut them right. And  they both look like they are for the left eye. I don't like them.
Apply a little pressure and too much of the nail under and around the cuticle is removed too and this was with a very mild remover.  I am not a professional so I will just soak my nails for now and do what is natural forget the chemicals removers stuff.
"I was very excited to try this new Dove Body Wash.  I use body washes on a daily basis as part of my showering routine and often have dry skin.  The dryness is worse right now for I live on the east coast and this has been a very cold winter thus drier skin.  My skin can also be sensitive but it usually happens when something irritates it.  I have found a few brands of body wash that I love and get me clean while keeping my body pretty solidly moisturized.  This Dove product is advertised as a skin nourishing wash with a new NutriumMoisture technology.  I did not have high expectations.  I thought it would definitely be as good as the other products I've been using but could possibly be a great addition for when I need more moisturizing on my skin.From the first try I was not happy with this product.  It says it is fragrance free but it has a scent to it that is definitely unpleasant - certainly not a fresh or renewing scent.  At first I thought it was just a standard soap sort of smell but with each use it got more bothersome.  I used this product for 10 days and I can honestly say it added no moisture at all to my skin.  Even a basic body wash does a better job.  My skin got drier than its been in months and the product also caused some minor skin irritation.  After the tenth day I quickly returned to a reliable body wash and had to apply body moisturizer for a couple of days before my skin returned to normal.  In all honesty I have never had a problem like this with any other body wash.  And whenever I've purchased one promising to be a deeper moisturizing formula it always has been.  Never has a product dried out my skin like this.  I got the sensitive skin formula to be on the safe side and am very glad I did.  If this bothered me, imagine what the regular formula may have done.  I used to love Dove products but was very disappointed with this body wash."
"Don't bother wasting your money on any of these. I've currently got 4 NARS blush, bronzer & highlighter products. I had 8 to 10 at one point but returned all the others. I currently have Orgasm blush, Deep Throat blush, Laguna bronzer, & Albatross highlighter. I regret buying every NARS product I've ever purchased, including these, as well as their eyeshadows, lip glosses, Multiples & luminizer-type products.NARS blushes are nothing special, & they're ridiculously overpriced. They're just cheap products in expensive packaging with extremely expensive marketing campaigns behind them. Even Wet n Wild blushes are more pigmented & more finely milled than NARS. Sleek blushes are also far far better than NARS, for a fraction of the price. Beautiful packaging, pigmentation & shades. La Femme blushes are even better, they come in about 40 beautiful shades, are crazily pigmented, and are under $3 each. La Femme blushes are also used by professional makeup artists. That really tells you how good they are. They blow NARS, MAC & every other high end blush out of the water.Laguna bronzer is just plain boring, as well as overpriced. Try Fyrinnae's matte & shimmer bronzers. They're beautiful & cost so much less.Albatross highlighter is a god-awful, glittery highlighter with gold specks in it that magnifies pores exponentially. Avoid like the plague. Once again, Fyrinnae to the rescue. They make amazing bronzers, blushes & highlighters. Their highlighters truly give a gorgeous glow, without glitter, frostiness, and without making your pores look cavernous. Phenomenal products.NARS Multiples have been duped by so many companies it's ridiculous, and at far lower prices. Try NYX Tango With Bronzing Stix. I have these in Cha Cha With Sun God & Merengue Flush. The second product is more of a light cream stick highlighter/blush. Cha Cha With Sun God is a gorgeous non-orange cream stick bronzer.And the list goes on. There simply is no good reason to buy NARS products. Many are really not very good - try one of their horrifically creasing fat eyeshadow pencils & you'll see what I mean - and are easily duped by other companies with much better pigmentation, at much lower prices. For the price of ONE NARS blush you can get approximately 15-18 stunningly amazing La Femme blushes. And you won't regret a penny you've spent."
"I thought the bottle was cute and bought it as more of a decor, but wow, the smell is horrible.  It's sort of like a body spray trying to be a perfume, mixed with a headache.  I guess this would be a hit with pink sugar fans, as it is very similar.  It's nothing I would be caught wearing, though.  There are so many beautiful fragrances out there, don't waste your time on this one."
"I was so excited to get this along with the rest of my gel kit, but was shipped a model with a European power plug rather than an American power plug. I just sent it in for a refund and am debating whether to reorder in hopes of getting the right product or spending an extra $25 to pick it up locally."
I used the entire bar to help my seborrheic dermatitis but saw no improvement.  Did not think a second bar would make a difference.  The scent was not inviting either.
"awfulll not recommend it at all, it dries the lipsand color not showingTOTALLY NO BUY THIS ONEDry"
IF YOU HAVE ALLERGIES DO NOT USE!! VERY HARSH ON THE EYES! IS NOT MOISTURIZING IN THE LEAST AND CERTAINLY SHOULD NOT BE USED ON MATURE SKIN!
"and natural too. The biggest flaw? Even with the proper amount of acrylic overlay, they are very fragile and break very easily."
"Being a complete product &#34;ho&#34;, I tried this for two weeks and didn't really see any difference in my skin following the instructions. I use other Murad products so it is possible that I am resilient to some of the products? Not sure. Tried it...moving on."
"So, this just came today and I used it tonight. Seriously, this is the first item I bought from Amazon after reading all the great reviews that is sooooo off base! This does take off all your make-up, but in exchange for what? For wanting to throw up on yourself while it's on your face? Good lord, this smells like an old lady perfume that someone left out sitting in the sun for so long that that the scent turned on itself.I was so convinced by the reviews that I bought a 2-pack. (sigh) Luckily, my sister-in-law remembered the smell from something her Mom used to use a long time ago and may still use today, so off they go to her and good riddance....tsk...I can still smell a whiff of it now and then and I washed my face twice already. Geez."
"I am between NC40 to NC42 (MAC). I have almost two tones dark skin around my mouth. I started using xtreme Brite soap and cream to fix my facial skin pigment and underarms. After I ran my first tube of xtreme brite, I ordered this cream alone with Paris Fair & White Gel Creme Strong Bleaching Treatment. I used this cream religious but I never saw any improvement in my skin. It just didn't do anything for me. I have had high hopes in this brand, since I looked up on Youtube and people gave great reviews on it. Well, at least I tried and now I no that I should avoid it."
they didnt tell you these things stick and peal off the nail polish when your trying to complete the look.
"Recently I tried liquid, cream, and this colorstay foundation as an alternative to mineral makeup.BIG mistake.Liquid makeup provides NO coverage.Cream makeup was a little more coverage.I tried colorstay because it is supposed to last.This stuff rubbed off like any other makeup, even with primer.It washed off easily (reviews I've read all over say it's sooo hard to wash off..BULL).It didn't dry as quickly as some people said..at least not for me.The shades seem to be off.It was terribly hard to blend and not look chalky like someone else said.Coverage was no better than cream or liquid makeup, even after applying several very light layers over problem areas. It just seemed like I was taking the makeup off.I returned this foundation and purchased another brand of mineral makeup called Everyday Minerals(LOVE IT!). The intensive collection offers more coverage (and LOTS of shades) than this foundation and feels like you're wearing NOTHING. The price is way better than bare minerals (which I used for over a year and didn't like because of the sheen and white look it gave my face) and avon minerals (my most recent mineral makeup before the venture into other foundations)."
"I wanted to love this cleanser especially because this brand is one of my absolute favorites! It's great for cleaning your face but the only problem is that it leaves a greasy residue. This is just yucky. I typically use my Clairsonic to cleanse so when I use it with this cleanser it's a little easier to get off. But there are times when I'm in a rush and just use my hands to cleanse and in cases like this, UGH it takes forever to get the cleanser off.Now I know it's supposed to be a brightener for your face. I have a lot of dark acne marks on my face and sadly this has not done one iota for them. I gave it a try but never again."
"Reading the positive reviews of this product, I'm wondering whether I purchased the same product. I purchased mine in June, and when I opened it, I found there was barely any mascara on the brush and was wondering whether it was dried out, or  just a bit of mascara in the tube. In addition, it wasn't as waterproof as the Maybelline Great Lash Dark Brown Waterproof Mascara, which I had been using for years. It was truly waterproof, moist and thick. I was just now browsing the site looking for another brand to try, when I came across the ""Full N' Soft"" listing and didn't remember giving it a review. Prospective purchasers should know that for me it was a big disappointment and am wondering whether any of the positive reviewers ever used Maybelline's Dark Brown Waterproof Great Lash and were able to experience the difference. It also irks me that manufacturers think everyone uses black or dark brown that looks black. There are plenty of people who would appreciate a truly waterproof medium brown. Maybelline, if you're reading this, bring back Great Lash Dark Brown Waterproof Mascara!!! It was an excellent product."
"I guess I don't know how to use a facial peel off mask or something, but I am not happy. First off, it's like glue. It's the same thing as getting elmers glue, just smells like cucumbers. I can't spread it around to my face and it peels off like glue on your hands. You know when you get glue on your hands and peel it off as a kid? Same thing, except you can't spread it around like Elmer's. It took me forever to get it off my face and was not nice because I have peach fuzz. It got in my hair and I had to wash it out, and I didn't see a difference whatsoever in my face except that it was red from trying to get it all off. If you want a pain in the ass (and I don't like to cuss), buy this. This is something that I would never recommend to anyone whatsoever. If I'm doing it the wrong way, please someone tell me!"
Too Oily. Can't use this anywhere near my face. Has been sitting in my bathroom ever since. I will be using this on my body when the summertime comes.
"Let me start by saying, these curlers were not my original choice, but 'looked good on paper', so I decided to give them a try. They don't hold a curl, they are not very easy to use and I don't like the way they make my hair feel. I would have sent them back, but because there is no defect, I wasn't able to, so I'm stuck with them. May try to get rid of them on ebay one day soon....."
The hair keeps falling out and when used it doesnt give the required effect. Its ok for gifting to children but not worth for women who use make up everyday
I'm not fond of the scent of this in my hair.. Not what I want to smell all day :( and if you do like just a little dime size needs to be used or you will look greasy!
"I'm giving it to stars because as of now I think I'm either taking wrong doses, because it's made me lathargic,and made my insomnia worse, kinda afraid to keep taking it.if I figure it out, I will update."
"I really tried to like this shampoo and waited until I used an entire bottle before posting this review but it was hopeless from the start. The most important thing when looking at reviews is to determine if the reviewer has similar hair to yours, the problem is most people don't specify this in their reviews so I figured will all the good reviews I would take my chances but this shampoo is horrible and let's not even get started on the price ($25 for a small bottle!).I have long straight hair but I have a lot of hair. I also apply a base color and highlight my hair. My scalp tends to be very oily with dry ends.  From the first time I used this shampoo it made my hair (which is normally soft) feel dry and brittle but I figured that was part of the clarification process. No, it still feels like straw. The worst part about this shampoo is no matter how many times you apply and rinse it out, when you dry your hair it still looks oily and dirty and you can see the oil and feel it when running your fingers through it. Please refer to product photos  to see photos of this.  The purpose of a shampoo is to clean your hair, no one wants to look like they have dirty hair. After a full bottle, my hair looks no better than when I first started using the shampoo except now it looks oily all the time and feels like straw. I have drug store $5 shampoo that is much better than this one.  Don't throw away your money like I did. Skip this shampoo!"
"I didn't want blue, but this is what they sent. The black of this brand is pretty good but blue? I wasn't looking for Halloween makeup and I'm not going to any raves soon. They wouldn't take returns so I guess I'm stuck with this."
it was a waste of money was better off going to walmart and purchasing s better lotion wouldnt buy again.. wonder if and glycolic body lotions are worth it
This is not a eye liner is pretty much a marker. the tip came out dry and it was not smooth at all.
"Please see Edit below.The three people who live in our one household all gave Olay Total Effects Body Wash a try so instead of just one person's opinion this review will have three.Person #1 said he liked it very much.  The aroma is not too powerful, even pleasant, and the thickness of it when it comes out of the bottle is good.  He especially liked the way his skin felt after using it the first time and said that it felt even better after more uses.Person #2 said he too liked the way it smelled but said he didn't really notice any difference in how his skin felt afterwards. It's possible that his skin wasn't dry and therefore there was less moisturizing benefit.  But he didn't have any complaints--just didn't think he'd go out of his way to buy it for himself.Person #3 only got to use it two times because #1 has absconded with it.  She likes everything everyone else said they liked. The aroma is lightly fruity and she definitely felt a difference in how her skin felt afterwards.  However, she found the jar a little difficult to open when her hands were already wet so she had to open the container before her hands got wet.  Not a big deal, obviously.Over all opinion is positive, especially for those who have problems with dry winter skin.  Since both men and woman liked the way it smells, I think it's safe to say that the product will appeal to almost anyone, even those who are sensitive to highly perfumed products.Edit:  I apologize for having to change my review.  Person #1 has had an allergic reaction to something in this product and had to discontinue use immediately.  We do not know if it is something in the perfume or moisturizer or perhaps both.  This product is probably not a good one for those with sensitive skin."
The conditioner is GREAT but you try to turn that bottle top with wet and slippery hands.  Worse the stuff costs more money then most and I don't mind paying it because I like it but so much gets stuck in the bottle you can't get out.  You try water and turning it upside down and still some is left.  :(
"I have the buffet of skin woes - aging, fine lines, plus chronic adult acne.  I purchased this after reading the reviews on another site and expected it to clear my congested skin while it reduced fine lines.  I am no stranger to OTC retinols and have used both Green Cream and Diacneal with success.  This stuff is really strong in comparison so I suspect the grade of retinol is higher.  My skin peeled quite a bit but then settled down.  I saw better results in terms of increasing clarity and reducing fine lines but the trade-off was a nice case of cystic acne.  In addition, the packaging is really cheap and small for the price.  I will stick with Green Cream 9."
"your better off buying regualr human hair this is not worth the extra money, after about a week it tangles."
"I ordered a bunch of different products in this line to make a comparison between them.I think I was exposed to too much of whatever is now making me itch and break out all over. It started with my arms after washing and conditioning my daughter's hair in the sink (I had already washed and conditioned my own hair with different products from the line)...I noticed red spots along my arms, small bumps and itching. The kids saw red on my neck (which usually happens when I am allergic to something), but then it disappeared within an hour of first seeing it.For the last several years, my previous shampoos and conditioners were mostly PH balanced and all natural.These CLEAR beauty products have a ""common thread"" between the shampoos/conditioners, despite have slightly different smells...They are most abundant in ingredients that may initially detangle, but are drying and irritating on my hair and skin with accumulated usage/exposure. It is now clear that these products are not good for me to continue using.Not the outcome I had hoped, but found a ""silver lining:""When scalp became extremely dry as a result, with dandruff ""raining down"" to the touch, I did an internet search. I found that VINEGAR is an excellent conditioner. I used 1/2 vinegar/water-amazing results! My scalp calmed down and my hair seems to have recovered-now soft to the touch instead of brittle."
"I ordered this product, because winter time makes crispy critters our of my hair and scalp. I have used hair and scalp oil with good results, but not this brand.The bottle gives a nice fine mist, but the oil blend used is greasy and, worse, sticky feeling. It also contains various chemical compounds that are not good for anyone who needs to stay away from estrogens or phytoestrogens (if you have hyper-coagulability or are taking hormonal birth control or are at risk for breast cancer, this means you)."
"I bought this after reading the reviews, hoping it would brighten & lighten my skin.  Um, no.  It's like smearing white school glue all over your face.  It's NOT smooth or silky...it's gooey & sticky.  The white doesn't soak in or blend.  Even if you put makeup over it, the makeup ends up kinda blotchy and odd.  And on top of it...it smells funny."
"I really didn't care for this product. While a gradual use product, unit left me with an orange-ish skin tone that was more citrus than tan. I have medium fair skin and thought it did an odd job."
"I do not recommend buying this stuff.I haven't figured out exactly how it's supposed to even work. You pump some into your hand, spread it throughout your hair, then use a towel to wipe away excess oil? Let me tell you, it does not work like that. I'm not even sure that makes sense. What I do know is that it keeps my hair semi-moist (despite trying to ""wipe"" it off with a towel) for far too long, and doesn't make it look any less greasy.Do yourself a favor and stick with corn starch, baby powder (both of which work better than this), or some other dry shampoo."
This material is cheap and flimsy the clip falls out rather easily from the color hair strand. I guess you get what you paid for.
Very pretty when it arrived. Within the first week it turnt colors. It's very unattractive now. I would not wear this again. I'm very unsatisfied
"I bought this soap because it had good ratings and I like to try something new......Well...It smells like truck stop soap dispenser soap.....(Where is the moisturizer??)....AND I put it in another bottle hoping to make it last longer....and most of the liquid looks like water with this tiny top layer of something ""light""...1/4""sitting at the top?.....If I need to ""bless"" my soap I WILL BLESS MY MUCH BETTER SOAP....AND I'll have more to use as it does not just drip down the drain like water....I threw it away....Stay Away...This is a ripoff....."
"This didn't hold my curls not one bit, I might as well put nothing in my hair. You get what you pay for."
"Impossible to match to your hair color. There is no standard color guide listed. Everybody knows 1 is jet black, 2 is off black and so on......save your money."
This product is not firm enough for me.  I purchased a body brush from another company and could see and feel it exfoliate my skin.
"First off it smells like a doctor's office and after having used it for three weeks, because I take my reviews seriously, I haven't seen any change for the better or worse. I'm a long time user of Witch Hazel after I wash my face and for three weeks I've been using this instead and frankly I missed the Witch Hazel. But now I'm using it again, the Witch Hazel, and it was kind like welcoming an old friend back home."
Trying find something that'll make my eyes pop using little make up. This wasn't it.  It's not cause it doesn't do that job it's cause it's sooo messy and clumpy to use!If you wipe it to try to unclump it it smears everywhere then it's just hell to make it look good.
Bought this instead of Pureology and did not like at all!  I tried it after reading another review on here snd was greatly disappointed!  Went back to Pureology
meh... i have naturally dark brown hair and i dyed it a red/purple color but i really was looking for a rich chocolate brown color.. so i bought this.. used it... and left it on for 10 min exactly... and wa-la black hair on the bottom and the color i wanted on top.. buy this product ONLY IF YOU HAVE VIRGIN HAIR!!!
"Why add chemicals when the purpose of the sunscreen is to protect one from harm. To add salt to the injury, this a company where their CEO goes around Hawaii's kindergartens in the name of educating kids about sunscreen while promoting Blue Lizard but yet Blue Lizard would not disclose ingredients of their sunscreens on their website at all. Someone in Hawaii's government is surly enjoying the fruits of his/her work alright. I wonder why anyone in Hawaii has never addressed this issue...READ INGREDIENTS. THE HIGHER THE ZINC, THE MORE PROTECTION.Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one, blocks both UVA (320-400 nm) and UVB (280-320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer - 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin's DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF.I make my own sunscreen as well as I purchase sunscreen for times when I do not have time to make any since I need to surf. For that reason, when I purchase a sunscreen mix, I need the same formula as I use when I make my own organic sunscreen mix since it only requires few ingredients but for more protection like my nose, I bump the zinc. Zinc is what you see surfers put on their nose for protection. The more zinc, the more protection but it means a mix that is more like a mud since zinc is a powder that I purchase and add to EVCO.Blue Lizard Baby- SPF 30+- Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB Protection- Chemical-Free- Paraben-Free- Fragrance-Free- 10% Zinc Oxide; 5% Titanium DioxideBlue Lizard Face- SPF 30+- Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB Protection- Paraben-Free- Fragrance-Free- Oil-Free- 8% Zinc OxideBlue Lizard Sensitive- SPF 30+- Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB Protection- Chemical-Free- Paraben-Free- Fragrance-Free- 10% Zinc Oxide; 5% Titanium DioxideBlue Lizard Sport- SPF 30+- Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB Protection- Very Water Resistant- 6% Zinc OxideBlue Lizard Regular- SPF 30+- Broad Spectrum UVA/UVB Protection- Very Water Resistant- 6% Zinc OxideThere is a reason why sunscreen companies do not provide any images of the labeling since that will disclose the active and inactive ingredients. The inactive ingredients are extensive in Blue Lizard, check their Internet site but more importantly compare the cost of any sunscreen to better brands with hardly any ingredients except few organic and a very high amount of zinc like 18% zinc not 5% or 10% zinc. Blue Lizard's ingredients vary so much from their Face mix to the Original mix to the Baby mix since they offer more additives, less zinc with noticeable price fluctuation. Cancer does not differentiate face skin or leg skin, it is all the same so why apply anything that has less protection to different part of the body. Ingredients get soaked in regardless of the skin location so compare ingredients since it is like consuming those ingredients when applied to the skin. A good organic 3oz 18% zinc mix should not cost more than $13 and for less when on sale. I get lots more when I make my own, much, much more and I get to control the zinc percentage in the mix as well."
"I am always trying new hair products, but I was disappointed in Pantene's Pro-V Serum.  I was careful to use just a tiny amount, but it made my hair flat and with no body.  It also felt greasy, which I hate. I don't use a lot of any hair product and I was cautious with this one.  I had to wash my hair again that night.I've used other hair products with a flat iron that worked great, but this one failed.  It may work on someone with hair that is more coarse than mine."
Heard great things.... Saw nothing of note occur with my skin all I did was taste like salt. I would not recommend purchasing this item
I used this for about a month with very little results. Made my more noticeable pimples go away but left all the smaller ones. I would reccomend paying more money for something that actually works.
"This gave my lips a nice, deep berry color that was attractive, but the formula is a bit drying.  And since I live in an area that has extremely dry air that unmercifully chaps lips, it wasn't something that I could continue using.  I like moist lips.  If the color had lasted, I might have tried to use this in conjunction with a transparent lip balm, but I was really surprised to find that the color had dissipated within 30 minutes - and that was without eating or drinking anything!So, for me, this was a failed experiment.  So disappointing, because I had always heard that lip stains are the solution to temporary lip color.  Back to the drawing board for me."
This product is not all its raved up to be! It flaked throughout the day onto the bottom of my eyes.
"It does remove most of my eye makeup but not all. When I use it, it seems to remove it all but then I wash my face and see black mascara rings under my eyes. I'm using as directed, so I feel  it's not that effective. Also, it is moisturizing but too 'oily' for me. I find myself wiping my eyes on my face towel but still feel a residue around my eyes. I think it's all right but I wouldn't purchase again. Almay's makeup remover pads did a much better  job but they were somewhat drying ... so I'm still on the lookout for an ideal mascara remover"
"I bought this because allergy season has set in and I wanted to be prepared with a gentler than usual eye cream. This has not worked out for me. It makes the skin under my eyes feel tight, and not in a good way. I suspect the ""anti-inflammatory"" ingredients in it are to blame for that. It also makes my eyes and the surrounding area burn until I wash it off. I'm using Clinique moisture surge under my eyes now. It causes no irritation and it's not even made for use around the eyes specifically. This product was a disappointment."
The bottles are smaller than I thought and the product doesn't blend well at all one bit. I wouldn't recommend the product to friends and family or even strangers. I'll have to try other products.
"Not thrilled. It's very greasy feeling, so I tend to not want to use it. I make myself so I won't waste it. But, it's not fun. Directions say to wipe off after 15 minutes; too inconvenient to me. Won't order a second time."
"Okay...I bought this product two days ago, but I have already seen results. I've had under eye wrinkles and puffiness for about 4 months and it's been driving me crazy. Concealers (I've tried several) had settled into the lines. Seeing this new product on the shelf, I decided $20.00 wasn't too much money and if I didn't like it, I still had the receipt. I'll come back later and update my review in a month, but for now, my fine lines are less noticeable, puffiness is gone and I'm estatic about it. I'm going to order the day/night cream from Amazon.Update: November 26, 2011It's been almost a year and about a week after using this product, it wasn't working as expected. My wrinkles were less noticable but not gone the way I wanted. I decided to buy Dermae Peptide Plus Wrinkle Reverse Eye Cream. I love it so much that I use it every day. The jar is almost empty and I'm ready for another jar. It's inexpensive (about the same price as Youth Code). It HAS kept my wrinkles at bay for a year. That's all I'm asking!"
"A truly lovely and uplifting scent. Clinique definitely had a winner with this, but unfortunately I cannot love this perfume. It was a staple in my high school and every other teenager I knew claimed it was her &#34;signature scent&#34; after Elle Woods (Reese Witherspoon) made this perfume popular for tween and teen girls in Legally Blonde. I wore it and so did every girl I knew. (This, and Love Spell from Victoria's Secret and Cucumber Melon from Bath and Body Works... ugh) I can't stand to wear it anymore and when I smell it on someone my age I honestly wonder why. I have to think that they don't have the same baggage attached to this scent that I have.But I do find myself sometimes picking up a bottle and spraying a bit if I'm in a store and there's a tester sitting out. It does hold some nostalgia for me, though quite bittersweet."
"It did not work for me personally but it might work for others; hence the reason why I put my skin type on the title.It caused my combination skin to turn super oily, (oil absorbing sheet becomes covered with oil with slight touch). Also, it caused small pimples (white ripe ones ready to pop) in various areas around my face within three use. A little strange as it is supposed for acne prone skin.I've experienced similar effects when I used Kyoku moisturizer with sun-block. Now that I think about it, they both have oil in them. I've read a bit into effect of oil in facial products and it appears that it can block pores causing acne to pop out. Again, it CAN. I guess it really differs based on your face type.I just ordered a bunch of oil free moisturizers to see how they work. We'll see how that goes."
"People can tell that you have a wig on. Doesn't look natural like the advertised picture. Also, the hair fall off easily and tangle easily. I wouldn't get this again."
I have stopped the 1234 diet drops because they were making me extremely fatigue and plus it was hard for me to follow the strict diet but I did lose a few pounds and I'm sure I could have lost more but I gave up and I'm just doing the Mega T diet pills which have been a better appetite suppressant than the drops.
"I recently purchased this product at ulta, and was super excited about it. For many years ive wanted to buy carol's daughter products. Celebrity endorsements, talk show segments, and their website further influenced my desire for carol's daughter products. But boy, this was a let down.The smell isnt a big deal for me, but i can understand how its a turn off for others. I didnt really care about the smell, i just wanted it to define my curls, and no such luck in that department. It took a lot of product to get any sort of curl defintion.At ulta, i received the hair milk pudding as a free gift and it wasnt too much of an improvement. I plan to return both and get a refund, which is a bummer because i really, really wanted to love this.Like most products that i dont care for, i dont want to be responsible for those intrigued by the product to snub them completely. This is simply my opinion and i believe that what may work for some, wont work for others."
I noticed this was rather slimy compared to what I used a few years ago. Checked the ingredients and it has some type of snail stuff in it. Looked it up and it can help but I'm just not ok with putting that on my lashes considering it can get into my eyes. The older formula was amazing.
"I was really excited to try this palette -- it's hard to find a good matte eyedhadow.Unfortunately this purchase was very disappointing for a few reasons;First, the colour doesn't apply evenly. You end up with a blotched look which is difficult to fix. I tried a few techniques, but between smudge brushes, primers (and absence of) I just gave up.Second, the palette is very cakey and will leave powder everywhere. Soon as you touch it with your brush you end up with a large amount of dust. Very messy to deal with.Had high hopes considering the other reviews but if you're looking for a solid, consistent shadow look elsewhere."
"If you want to look like a dried out 150 year old, wear this crap.  Every pore, line, dry patch or any other flaw will be accentuated.  I've never in my life seen a worse cream to powder foundation than this.  And if feels so gross on your skin.  In the garbage it goes where it belongs."
"My daughter has naturally curly hair so I thought this product would be perfect for her hair.PROS: It worked well when I applied it to a small section of hair so I decided to try it on an entire ponytail. It did help manage the curls and make her hair soft. The shine is more of a healthy sheen - not a glossy high shine.CONS: The curls looked more like frizz before I was even done. I know other products that do this better. The fragrance, though light and not unpleasant, was my biggest issue. I was reading her a book at bedtime and her ponytail was like a fragrance bomb. My eyes became irritated and began to water. I'm not a person prone to allergies or sensitivies. This is only the second product I've ever encountered that caused that issue.2 STARS: Sorry, I've used products that cost less, work better, smell better, and don't irritate my eyes. I preferSofn'free GroHealthy Milk Protein & Olive Oil Strengthening Cr&egrave;me. It leaves shine, works better in every way, costs less, and smells like vanilla cake."
Made my hair feel brittle and dry and noticed nothing different. Over priced and under whelming and I've tried everything/
"I WAS //NOT// given the amount promised. I was only given one little bag including 10 pieces. And considering what I paid for them? Ridiculous.Don't buy, don't take the chance. They'll look cute on nails, but in the end? I only got half of what I paid for. And I'm fairly upset about it considering $3 is a bit much for paying for something that falls off in the near future, but, I only got HALF of what I was told I would receive. and $3 for 10 pieces? That's far from ridiculous, that's absurd.I'm not happy with this, and I won't be buying from this seller again."
"John Frieda sucks...but for some reason I decided to purchase this around 6 months ago in hopes it would work. It didn't the first use, second use...or 50th use. This spray is sticky and leaves hair in horrible condition.Do NOT recommend this. I am sure this is made for straight-haired girls like most of his products. I have thick, wavy hair and this stuff sucks. I can curl my hair with my friggin finger better than with this product!"
"I have thick hair. Some days I only have time to wash my hair (I have kids), and don't have a chance to use conditioner because of the time it takes to rinse it out. I've been using the Body Shops GRAPESEED GLOSSING SERUM, seriously folks, if you want something that really works this is it! It's a small bottle but so far it's lasted me 4-5 months because it doesn't take much to get results. Anyway, back to the product that doesn't work: Nexxus is horrible! First, it pumps out like hair mouse and for a moment I thought that is what I was putting in my hair. The first time I tried it my hair was still wet/damp. I rubbed in 2 pumps of Nexxus Hydralight and felt like it was too thick, like hair gel. After my hair dried my hair felt horribly heavy - no bounce or shine - it looked like I hadn't washed my hair in weeks. I decided to try again the next day, same results. I wanted to wash it out but didn't have time, so I tied back my hair in a ponytail, which I hate, and then later wore a hat. The natural fullness Nexxus claims comes out as HEAVY and greasy - but for me, not that it looked so greasy, but that it felt greasy. My hair didn't bounce or relax, it was just stiff and clumpy.I really wanted this product to work so I could go between using the Grapeseed Glossing Serum and Nexxus, but I don't ever want to use Nexxus again."
"did nothing to calm my frizz or help straighten my hair- actually, i think it made it worse and dried out my hair."
"I got this because I thought it had no glycerin in it, and on the label it says GLYCERIN!!!!, If they were thinking they'd put the ingredients up there on the screen."
"I have never minded a product's fragance before, but this- blegh! On top of that, it made my skin feel sticky, didn't improve my hair, and is all around pretty useless. For reference, I have long, thick, smooth wavy Asian hair."
"If only every pretty book cover had a wonderful book inside. Nexxus Hydra-light shampoo has one of the prettiest, best designed bottles I've seen in a long time. The top is thin and perfect for smaller hands to pick it up. The blue color is a little bit of sky blue heaven in the bathroom. Ah but that color gives away a little fault in the beauty, there is a little bit of gray skies in there.Sitting on the shelf, this would be the perfect impulse buy. Ah if only the shampoo were as beautiful as the bottle. The bottle says weightless moisture. I would expect that to make my hair soft and full of... moisture. Instead it sucked all the moisture right out of my hair, making it hard to style. I have thick hair and this did me no favors. The smell might work for some; it is a bit too fruity for my taste. Kind of smells like the perfume people that use a pole wear. Not a sophisticated smell.Too bad, the bottle held so much promise. If only the contents were as beautiful as the cover."
"I ordered the pink 05, which obviously had to be pink, and in the photo the color 05 was a pale pink, but instead it arrived a brownish lip liner, too dark.I wanted a very pale pink like in the picture."
"This smells nice but that's about it. I am no stranger to hair serum. I have tried a ton of different anti-frizz serums. I wouldn't buy this again. I decided to try this because I got fed up with frizz-ease not being very effective, but this was worse. With other serums I have tried, if you use too much your hair looks greasy but at least it feels nice still. With this product, your hair not only looks awful, it feels disgusting too. This product seems too thick. I cannot find a happy medium between not enough and too much. I feel like either there is not enough in my hair to make any difference at all, or there is way too much and my hair is dirtier than before I washed it."
"would've given it NO STARS but that is not an option.  Thought I would try a less expensive cleansing conditioner than Wen (which works well for me).  Scent reminds me of old decorative bath soaps that my grandmother kept in the bathroom (the kind you didn't DARE use).  Ewwww.  I had gotten used to the lotion-like feel of Wen but this product seems thicker, JUST like lotion.  My hair is left lifeless and dry.  I HATE IT!  In fact, after giving it multiple tries, I am ready to throw it away; what a waste!"
"I&#8217;ve used this product twice and both times it made my hair feel horrible. I could not even get the comb to pass through my hair to roller set it after I applied this product. It made my hair feel like wet paper towel. This product got such great reviews I was sure it would work for me, unfortunately it did not."
"When did blow-drying hair become so difficult?  The Healthy Infusions Pro by Wahl turns the simple act of drying your hair into a difficult chore.  Where do I start?The hair dryer itself is nice.  It has what you need in a hand-held hair dryer - medium and high programs, and a cool shot to ""set the style"".  It looks good and has a lot of power, too.Then I put on the comb and conditioner attachment. The instructions say twist and turn and the thing goes on, but it is actually more difficult than that.  I had really expected this part to be a no-brainer.  Anyway, after a few minutes of twisting and turning I finally got the comb attachment on and tried to use it.The comb attachment is basically just some short plastic tines that stick straight out.  Not easy to use, not especially helpful in styling my hair at all.  I would have thought an angled comb design would have been better, but this comb is short and straight.After several minutes of trying to do something with this awkward, useless comb attachment, I was still waiting for the smell the informational booklet said to expect, so that I would know the conditioner was being released.  Nope.  No smell.  Nothing dripping either.  Whatever.  I knew I had removed the cover from the conditioner, and put it in comb attachment correctly.  But no signs of conditioner on my hair, or on the comb, or anyplace.Oh well.  I decided to try and remove the comb attachment all together and finish drying my hair, using a round brush instead.  What?  The comb attachment isn't easily removed either?  I cannot get it off the dryer.Look, it doesn't have to be this hard.  A hair dryer with a couple of power settings that's easy to hold and not too heavy.  Put a straightening comb on the end, and I'm set.  If I want conditioner on my hair - I'll put conditioner on my hair!  I don't need my hair dryer arbitrarily dumping its product on me, too!I think the conditioning idea is a bad one.  Why can't a hair dryer just be something that dries my hair?"
"I found these clippers to be terrible: Dull and clumsy. Perhaps my experience is partly different from the other reviewers because I am female and so I prefer a 1/4 jaw nipper, but even compared to other 1/2 jaw,  the size of this one), these are awful. They have completely mangled my cuticles - to the point of bleeding - even more than the broken pair I was using. I wish I had just bought a $20 pair because that's what I'm going to do now. If you are female and like to give yourself a real manicure, not just trim hangnails, do NOT waste your money. Buy a name brand like Tweezerman."
"The lip gloss is cheaply made, it absorbs in your skin after a few minutes it does not even stay shiney at all! It's made out of oil! there's nothing glossy about it! LAME. I bought better stuff for a dollar that was million times better and stayed on! Try the shea butter lip glosses"
"When I first saw this, I thought it was a metal diamondplate with heavy duty corners.  Not so!  It's plastic, and has flimsy cheap-feeling compartments inside.The size is good if you wear a TON of makeup.  The square edges make it feel very boxy and ugly.  No style whatsoever.Costco carried a really nice makeup case earlier in the year.  It is a little smaller and has rounded edges--and is metal and heavy duty.  I think I have seen similar at WalMart and Target, too.For the price, you can do much better.I will use it for something--I am an artist and travel for custom jobs.  I will probably use it for art supplies for the on-the-go-jobs.  But it's far too big for me for makeup, and far too ugly to give away as a gift.Save your money--find something better."
"I really wanted this to work for me, but it doesn't.  It sucks the moisture from my skin, smells like wax and clay - refuses to wash off with soap, after several latherings in the shower there were still grey streaks in places and short of rubbing the skin raw would not come off.  My feet put up with it, but looked like leather & the rest of my body thought it was a moisture sucking layer of yuck. Seriously it feels weird.My husband also did not like it, same results - icky, smelly, won't wash off and made pimples break out.It's expensive, sure it's natural but that doesn't mean all ingredients will be tolerable by everyone and I highly suggest anyone do a test patch rather than layering it on thick. I had hopes for a safe sunscreen - safe for m, safe for the environment, and safe for the kids - I think not.."
"I have always used a deep repair mask from the Loreal products. Since, I couldn't find it anymore at Target, I decided to order this because my friends said it was an outstanding product. I have always love buying new products and testing them out, but I was kind of disappoint in this one. Yes, it is a creamy white mixture and it smells really good. It is easy to use. Although, it has been three weeks and my hair looks dry. I use it twice a week. I have no idea why but maybe it is because it has no sulfate in it. Although I use the shampoo and the rinse and my hair looks great. I would recommod that and the healing oil.I have no idea what is going on but if I don't see a change, I will not repurchase this product. I guess I would recommend this product but it had no use to my hair."
I am a professional and this was just a waste of money and time. It was very messy and the color came right off....would not recommend
"This mascara is so crappy. Luckily I got it for free in the mail.It's clumpy, flakes, isn't waterproof, it's just horrible. The second you take the wand out of the thing you can see all the clumpy flakes on the wand. It's so gross."
I really needed something to hold my eyelashes the whole day. This eyelash glue didn't even work for an hour.
"This was the first BB cream I ever tried. I've never been able to keep up with a makeup regime because the day after I put on foundation, I always break out. I chose this BRTC BB cream because the label said it was designed for oily, troubled skin&#8212;which is exactly what I have. This product did not make me break out. However, it does nothing to control oil, and ends up looking cakey. BB creams don't come in many colors, but because they &#34;oxidize&#34; after 10-15 minutes on your skin, they shouldn't look unnatural. This one does. I'm fair-skinned with slight yellowish undertones, but this BB cream sat on my face like a mask. Seriously, I'm really pale&#8212;I hate being in the sun, and this stuff STILL looks too white on me.Moreover, it does NOT photograph well! I wore this to a family gathering and in every photo, it looked like I'd applied my grandma's pressed powder in a sauna.Instead of this stuff, I recommend Skin79's Hot Pink BB Cream. If you have oily skin, you still might need to blot your face in the afternoon. But the Skin79 stuff is smoother and spreads much more easily, and still doesn't make break out despite also having sun protection (which the BRTC one does not have)."
I read the reviews of the past and half said it worked and the other half said it didn't..sadly even with a small amount it mae my skin breakout..the aroma was lovely though
"when I bought these brushes I know that it wont be a good quality according to the price , but I didn't expect it will be this bad , the hair is falling whenever you touch the brushes . now I am really try to sell them to anyone so I can get red of them"
i didnt like the way this smelled it turned into my perfume to my boyfriends cologne no thanks usher just sing please
"I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone with color treated, fine hair. This shampoo made my hair dry instantly. It turned my long hair into a tumble weed. I had to use my hair mask to undo what this shampoo did."
"It has all the ideal sunscreen properties:*Broad spectrum*Physical sunscreen*Potent anti aging ingredientsUnfortunately it is not for my skin (sensitive, combo, dehydrated), this sunscreen is uncomfortable to wear: too oily, doesn't go too well with makeup due to oiliness, slightly burns, especially around the cheek area where my skin is thinner, not only when I apply it I feel uncomfortable, my face also develop mild redness when I wash it off at night. I can get over all of these if my skin condition improved with regular use, but it broke me out, I tried it a many times over 5 months and almost every time I get new break outs. This sunscreen is not suitable for sensitive skin, the better options are: Elta MD Physcial Clear and Biore UV Aqua Rich Watery Essence."
"I tried to like this product. I hate throwing out something I paid good money for. But I just could not grow to like it. After tossing it out this morning, I decided to write this review just in case it might be helpful to someone else.The body wash feels very thick (hard to get it out of the bottle), the little beads feel like they are made out of plastic and do not dissolve. I keep worrying that they will get stuck in some body cavity and cause a problem. I have used a number of different ex-foliating body washes in the past and never had the same feeling before."
I PURCHASED THIS DERMA BLEND PRODUCT TO COVER UP IMPERFECTIONS WHEN IM AT THE BEACH. I NEEDED SOMETHING WATERPROOF THAT WOULD LAST. I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT THIS DIDNT FIT THE WATERPROOF DESCRIPTION. I WAS AT THE BEACH NO MORE THAN A HALF AN HOUR AND NOTICE IT WAS COMPLETELY OFF. I HAD TO REAPPLY IT SEVERAL TIMES AT THE BEACH--CAUSE I DONT WEAR FOUNDATION. IT GOT REALLY CAKEY AND PART OF THE TIP JUST &#34;FELL OFF&#34;
"like the others said, this product stings a lot. My eyes keep running even though I didn't realy apply it close to my eyes. I have special eye cream. throwing them away. I don't even recommend the smell."
"I used to used Great Lash in the 70's but this brush is difficult to manipulate and the mascara chip off during the day.  I still like their lash stylist, but it is hard to find."
The color looks much darker online but much lighter when  the lipcolur arrived; I won't be ordering this product again.
You pretty much pay what u get for. Very inexpensive but feels like cheap paper. It also wouldn't stick to my nail.
"It left my hair dry and frizzy, I have long colored hair, and this left me wondering whats wrong with my hair, and I remembered that I changed shampoo. I will go back to my old Matrix"
"The color is really nice but the product does not stay on my lips for 14 hours.  In fact I can't tell that it stays on any longer than any other cream lipstick and it smears off easily, like on my coffee cup.  It is not a stain like I thought."
"As others have mentioned, this looks and smells a bit like vegetable oil.  If it actually worked I'd get over the smell, but this didn't do anything for me.  I bought it to combat some dry skin and because I'd heard it made acne scars fade faster--after a month I saw zero improvement on either count.  I'll give it two stars instead of one since it didn't do anything bad either; my skin isn't crazy sensitive, but there are definitely products that break me out, and this isn't one of them (so at least there's that).  Hope others have better luck with this--for me it did a lot of nothing."
"Firs to fall, i thought it was going to be a small tub.  I was surprised to see a large tub, which kind of concerned me about the quality.  The cream doesn't absorb very well and it's kind of oily.  I did not see much improvement after using this product for a week. I wouldn't waste your money on this product."
"My wife was so excited to receive this item. She works in retail and is on her feet all day, so pampering devices like this sometimes bring a smile to her face.Unfortunately, not this time. Before first use, actually while inspecting it upon arrival, the pumice stone came unglued from its base... therefore it could no longer be used as a 'hands-free' device, though she did try to use the pumice stone in the typical hands-on manner. Still, the novelty of the item faded quickly.As others note, the small size suction cups on the bottom of the unit did not provide enough grip in our shower to keep the unit fully in place while she tried to use the scrubber sides. We have glazed, glossy finished tile on the walls and floors, but adherence was still not particularly strong.The concept of this scrubber is great, but the actual product does not live up to the concept's promise. Still... this seems to be an easy fix if the manufacturer releases version 2.0 -- bigger, stronger suction cups and a different way to hold the pumice stone in place in the center. I did receive this unit gratis from the manufacturer and we tried to put it through its paces to objectively find out how well it performed. My statements here reflect that testing.While we did not notice a smell that was as bad as others have described, it is not fragrance free. Right now the scrubber and pumice stone are being applied manually, fully hands-on and not hands-free. Interestingly, that kinda works for my wife though it is not what was intended based on the unit's marketing material. Hopefully a new & improved version will be released shortly, and we can give that one a go."
"the only thing it lightened was my wallet.. I wanted it to work, but like so many other products, it did not."
"I'm not sure if I received an old mascara but when I got it, the product inside was so hard it was difficult to put in and take out the mascara wand. The bristle of the mascara wand broke off inside the tube when I tried to take it out. Needless to say, I'm disappointed and feel I got something that they probably knew they shouldn't be selling. Won't buy anything from this seller again."
"It smells fantastic, but it leaves my hair very dry after a couple minutes after using it. I am relaxed. I gave it 2 stars only because of the scent, I felt like eating it lOl"
"I'm asking myself the same question over and over : Why did I spent money on this? Not just that, I also got nFresh Ginger and Pink Grapefruit!They are worthless, the scent disappears after a few minutes, even body mist are stronger and long lasting than this!I truly can't understand how so many people are so AMAZED about this fragrance. Maybe I had high expectations, who knows. I mean, I have good fresh, clean fragrances that are amazing and way worth the price (and you can find them here at a great price too)like Lalique White and Mugler Cologne. My advise is: Save a little more money and get a real fragrance that at least lasts more than 5 minutes!"
This soap gets your face squeaky clean to the point that by the time your done with one wash you have absolutely no moisture left in your face at all.  Probably good for oily skin but certainly not for mature dry skin!
"I was expecting a lot from these bobby pins, because they have good reviews, but wow, they are just poor quality, I wear them and when I get them out, even when Im subtle, they are a bit deformed and I find very hard to use them again, so it is like Im wearing something disposable. The good things about these is that they dont pull your hair at all and the colors really mix with your hair if you are brunette."
"Not only it does not work, but it also dries up my oily skin. It feels very weird on the skin."
"The smell was unusual and wasn't very pleasant to my senses, but the oil is very rich and great for pre-washing Afro textured hair."
A waste of money. It's in a drawer collecting dust.  Maybe I can give away or sell it in a yard sale. Lol
I have used better skin cleansers.  Would not recommend. I use the dermolagica primer and it is wonderful.  Very disappointed in this product.
"I have been taking Viviscal for a few weeks, and while I have not noticed any change in my hair (because it's still too early to see results), I have noticed my nails are stronger and growing faster. I will certainly check back and provide a follow up review after about 2-3 months when results should be evident."
"I remember using this a few years back when I was a young teenager. I really liked the powdery smell and the way that it kept my skin soft while not making it look oily. My problem with it now is that they changed the formula and it now has parabens and a formaldehyde agent in it. I have been using a different product since, and I warned a few people that I knew who used this cream as well (I think they stopped using it too as a result)."
"I don't like the smell, so I don't wear it much.  So far, no men (or women) have complimented me on my scent.  So I think I will stick with my Oscar de la Renta, which I always get compliments on."
I read stellar reviews on makeupalley.com and wanted to try this mascara. I even encouraged a friend to make the purchase with me. Blech! Yeah my lashes are long and thick..but they're also super clumpy and sticky. I couldn't separate them with a lash comb..ick. I'm going back to LashBlast
I used it for a few times...it stings the eyelids just a little for a second.  It doesn't feel moisturizing for my lid or lashes.  Maybe I'll use it on my eyebrows...  I don't know how well it works since I've only used it a few times...
"I decided to purchase this perfume based on the great reviews written but unfortunately, it is just was not what I was hoping for. The scent is so light, I feel as if I have to literally douse myself to smell anything.  I am suspecting that the item that I got is an old batch."
Bought this iron because it was a great deal and had fantastic reviews.  Was pretty good for the first six months then the red light started flashing on and off and the plates kept turning off.  At the 12 month point it would decide to turn on whenever it wanted to and now after 16 months its completely dead.  Don't buy it.
"I saw this on someones nails, and fell in love. Recovering nail biter myself, polish is my little treat. THIS POLISH IS CHEAP. The magnet doesnt pull well and its hard to get an even design. Does not look like the pictures. I will try a national brand before I give up."
My face felt like it was on fire when I applied the mask. I couldn't leave it on for more than 2 minutes.
"not the most comfortable, quality lacking I would prefer to pay a little more and get better quality for arch support"
my hair feels and looks the same i am not going to be ordering this again i cut myself opening one of these
"Sorry to rain on the parade but I wasn't crazy about it. It made my hair look great for the first hour or so, but then made it way too dry. I think it had something to do with it affecting my hair's porosity... it made all the moisture dry right out of my hair, when normally my hair doesn't do that. This product made my very coarse, thick hair so incredibly soft... it was like it literally changed the texture. That part was wonderful.  However, I had to use a lot to get these results. The smell is just ok, it's a nice amber but I was expecting something better the way everyone raved about it. Honestly, it smells kind of artificial and the more I use it the more cloying it is :\ I have much better results with *pure* Argan oil or Kukui Nut oil."
"I got this product and tried it few times with my fake lashes and it does not work as good as they say it does, also once you open the tub the glue dries inside the tub fairly quickly.  I will not recommend it."
"The maybelline New York XXL 24hour Bold Mascara, very black...sucks. I don't like it at all. The only good thing about it is, it is very black. First, the wands are tiny small second, it clumps and makes the eyelashes look really bad. Third, from looking at the container you would think it came with alot of mascara but there is very little in the tube. Did I mention that it clumps the eyelashes and really bad. It just looks awful and I DO NOT recommend it at all to anyone."
"I don't like writing bad reviews, so I will say that there are ladies out there who might find this to be perfection. However, for me, this is perfectly awful. Not enough coverage.... actually no coverage that I could see. I'm used to a mousse foundation that really covers. I knew that this would be lighter, but I found it to be a bit thin, runny and ineffective. The worst part was as the day wore on, the coverage that it offered disappeared, and I was left with a slick shine, that made it look as though I hadn't washed my face that morning. I'm glad I didn't wear it to work, 'cause I would have been very upset."
"There were no contents.  Spilled into box, unable to use, you could smell the product when you opened the box, I am trying to get a refund."
"When I received this, the package seemed kind of small for holding ten rolls of tape and five dotting pens, and I was right.  It had the ten rolls of tape but no pens!  As far as the tape goes, they are smaller than I expected, but that's okay because it will produce tinier details and take up less room in my nail drawer.  They are sticky and I believe that once I use them they will stay on well (especially with top-coat over them).  I am very disappointed that I did not get my pens, but I contacted the seller and I hope they send them to me soon!"
"I was unable to continue to use this conditioner due to the extremely strong, perfumey scent. And in addition, I didn't really feel like it condutioned that well. My hair felt very dry afterwards. Sorry to say--this product ended up being thrown away."
"My dermatologist warned me that, although this product is specifically marketed for acne clearing purposes, the mineral base of it actually will clog pores."
I didn't care for this product I was expecting the form to be a little thicker and it didn't bend very well either
This did not straighten my curly hair at all. It made it soft and not as frizzy. But every other product does the same thing.
"There is a pretty sparkle to it and good coverage and also stays on very well, but I found that I broke out from it a lot. I think it's the Mica in it ( mineral that makes the sparkle)"
"I LIKE THE BRAND, BUT THE COLORS DON'T ALWAYS LOOK LIKE AS ADVERTISED. I THINK WHEN SHOPPING FOR STUFF LIKE THIS YOU NEED TO ACTUALLY SEE IT."
"This mask does whitening you skin... for 5 minutes! After that time, your skin goes back to however it is before, it really doesn't make your skin better in long-term."
"It does not hydrate, just got out the shower and almost used an entire bottle to try and detangle hair, finally give up and had to use a conditioner with not so good stuff in it for the moisture!!!"
"i have very fragile sensitive and allergy prone skin i decided to try something new it was a mistake, my skin looks like it's burnt, red and swollen, it may be a good cream for other type skin, both the night and day was terrible for me. i will never try anything new again. c k."
I don't like this at all.  It smells funny and it is greasy and it doesn't do anything for my hair besides weighing it down.  Now I have weighed down hair that is frizzy.  Do not recommend at all.
Sorry to put this product groganics hair supplements down...but it didnt do NOTHING and NO improvements to my hair which i had a horrible chop!! this groganics smells bad and gave me a bad aftertaste in my mouth  from this supplements...I still have it and plan to toss it in the trash!!
If you are desprate get it! there is enough to go to war with.I have seen worse.If you are use to the third world they should not bother you.Im going to give them a try.
These are a complete waste of money!They are too tight to the point that I can't breathe.They say use them for one hour for two weeks and you will see changes all I saw was indents in my nose!
I don't know what all the raves are for.  This is NO different than a cheap plastic brush from any drug store.  My hair continues to break.  It doesn't make it look any better.  I don't get it.  People say it's as good as a Mason Pearson Brush.  What are they talking about?
"I was so hopeful about this product. I have to say, it smells nice. But that is it. It does nothing, and I mean nothing for my fine, curly hair. Total waste of money.Very disappointed...... Tried it b4 styling, as a leave in, as mentioned in the other reviews. And it simply does nothing. Infact, I think it may make my hair feel worse :(("
Do not waste your money on this.  I could have taken a sponge from the store and did the very same thing this did.  Not worth the money.
"These are a waste of money. Within two uses they started separating at the seam. Dissolving from acetone. Had to try, thought they looked interesting, but will stick to what I like for removing shellac on my nails. These also took a very long time arriving."
"The Zeno Mini is a portable version of the Zeno Pro, which claims to improve or eliminate new pimples in 24-48 hours with low-level heat. The device has a metal tip that heats to a temperature that feels hot against the skin. The theory is that applying heat to a new, slightly inflamed pimple will kill the Propionibacterium acnes (P. acnes) that causes acne. I doubt it. That idea doesn't hold up to scrutiny. It seems more likely that the heat accelerates the immune response, so the blemish heals faster. That's a perfectly good strategy. I've often used a heat compress on particularly stubborn blemishes, just as it would be helpful for any stubborn, relatively mild infection. It works. So I expected the Zeno Mini to be a more convenient and more expensive version of that old remedy.The Zeno is intended for mild acne, defined as several inflamed pimples, and moderate acne, defined as many inflamed pimples and pustules. It's not for blackheads, which are not acne, or for whiteheads, which are too far advanced. The instructions say that the Zeno should be used on pimples in an early stage, when they first become visible or inflamed. One treatment is 2  minutes long. Each blemish should be treated 1-3 times as needed, 4-12 hours apart. The Zeno takes one minute to heat up, then a 2-tone sound and a green light indicate that it's ready to use. Press the button again, and a 5-tone sound indicates that a treatment cycle has started. Press the treatment tip to the pimple. The Zeno beeps every 30 seconds to let you know where you are in the treatment cycle. You can do up to 3 treatments in a row, on different pimples. At that point, you have to wait 2 minutes to do more treatments.I have moderate acne, which means a lot of small pimples, most of which will never turn into something big and ugly, but too many that will. I located some new pimples that seemed threatening, slightly inflamed, but still very small and tried the Zeno on them. I tried it on 10 pimples. I did 3 treatments on each pimple. It didn't do anything. I was a little surprised. I expected to see some improvement, as I would expect from a heat compress. It may be that the heat treatments are not long enough. Normally I would leave heat on a skin infection for at least 10 minutes. Treatments do leave a red mark on my skin for a couple of hours, so don't do this right before you go out. Once it caused a very minor burn. I don't know why; the tip didn't seem especially hot.The Zeno Mini is a well-made, well-designed device. It is powered by 2 AAA batteries (included). It comes with a treatment tip programmed to deliver 45 treatments. At that point, you have to replace the tip for $[...]. This is how the company makes money. Unfortunately, it didn't work for me as well as a cheap heat compress that I can throw in the microwave. To find out if the Zeno will work for you before buying, just put a heat compress on your blemishes for 2  minutes, up to 3 times, and see if it helps. Make sure it isn't hot enough to burn your skin. If that works, the Zeno might be a convenient -though more expensive- way of applying heat treatments to mild, occasional acne. But for moderate acne, there are too many pimples for it to be practical anyway. A heating pad would be better."
"Personal opinion these are just oil base concelers when I would apply my face would look oily where I would applied but if u think it would work for you go ahead and buy it, it is a cheap price so you do get what u pay for"
"I have to use two hands on this product, one to hold the handle to my hair and the other to hold the clamp down. It is not strong enough to grip the hair. And it gets so hot that it's very hard to hold it down with the other hand without getting burned. The clamp is weak. I don't get it&#8230; terrible product."
"I just couldn't like this razor. I travel a lot and a good disposable razor would be a great find, but with this one I simply feel that five blades was too many. On top of that, the ""moisturizer"" was slimy and didn't seem to actually work as claimed - my skin certainly didn't feel ""more moisturized"" or moisturized for longer.The only reason I gave it two stars rather than one is because it definitely gives a better shave than truly cheap disposable razors...but for the price I feel that I might as well have gone out and bought a second razor and extra blades to travel with, thus guaranteeing myself a good/proper shave."
"this is not a good product for me, while it may work from some others it left my hair feeling weighed downed."
"I bought this based on the positive reviews but I can't say that I agree. The bristles seem rougher but they don't vibrate the same as the real thing. This is a problem since the &#34;sonic&#34; part is what does most of the work to vibrate the gunk out of pores (at least, according to my esthetician). I used them for about three months and my pores are looking more and more clogged. I am coughing up the $ for the real thing."
"Did not know this was not ACTUAL PURE VITAMIN E OIL...pure vitamin e oil is not clear, this oil is strictly for moisturizing and not to aid in the healing of scars!! It even says not to apply to open wounds...SMH they are really false advertising. Giving this away to someone who wants to moisturize...IM TRYING TO HEAL!!"
Not sure what the little sand-like skin flake looking thing comes from when you use it but it doesn't look like its dead skin from my face. It might just be the drying product of the gel. I stopped using it because it was making my face really dry and also making my face break out more. I gave it to my sister and luckily its not making her breakout but sadly not making any difference in her appearance.
"I really did not like this makeup. It is incredibly oily, but at the same time it leaves a caked-on-makeup look on your skin even when it is applied in the thinnest of layers. The &#34;nude&#34; color is very yellow. I have redish-pink skin, and it made me look almost green. You have to apply a lot because the coverage is not great at all. It kind of feels like you're putting actual paint on your skin because it doesn't disguise the flaws and just sits on top of your skin without blending or soaking in. The worst part is the smell, which is VERY strong. It lingers for as long as you wear the makeup AND for a few hours after you've scrubbed it off. The only way to describe the smell is like a very elderly person's perfume. Somehow it just smells like every funeral home I can ever remember being in. Ugh, it is definitely not worth the buy."
"IT DOESNT WORK!! This is a rip off. Cheaply made as well, had bought the NYX eyeshadow pencils and nothing was big enough to sharpen them, I waited because I didn't want to spend so much on this thing!!!! I bought one at Sallys Beauty Supply for $1.99 that has 3 possible widths for your pencils.....worked like a charm...DON'T BUY THIS ONE!!"
"I should have gone with my instincts on this one.  I don't know why this formula has better reviews than the other &#34;Physicians Formula&#34; mascara that just has the little leaf on the handle.  It is a much better mascara.  Much wetter, and a better brush.  This started flaking within an hour or two.  Horrible, just horrible.  Go with the other one, it is far superior."
"This only gave my hair a very small amount of volume and not even at the roots where I really need help. The volume it did give was nothing special or anything that made me go &#34;WOW&#34;&#8230;it was just&#8230;&#34;meh&#34;,  just average volume like any other cheap volumizer.I do like how light weight this gel was, it left no residue, wasn't sticky, no scent and after my hair was dry it did not weigh my hair down or dry it out, but considering I paid nearly $20 for the bottle, it still was not worth it.This felt more like just a regular hair gel to me, nothing special, nothing that could justify me paying for another bottle..it's just a disappointment. I'm still debating whether or not I even want to keep the bottle or try and return it."
I don't know what's wrong with it but it's totally different  quality  I'm so disappointed I used to buy it for 4 years one after one all the time and I know how it should work  I'll never ever buy it again from hereAnd of course I can't return it now coz I already used it ITS TOTALT FAKE PRODUCT I dont know who wrote that great reviews
"Not for oily skin, too greasy."
"This dye is terrible. You will have to actually leave it in to get a turquoise color, but the very first time you wash your hair you'll get an ugly green color."
"This is the worst tea tree shampoo I have ever used.  There was no refreshing feeling when using it as with other tea tree shampoos. The shampoo had the strangest scent, which can only be described as an old library smell.  The conditioner was nothing special.  It did not detangle all that well.  I have untreated hair which is almost down to my waist.  The shampoo and conditioner left it feeling dry.  I would not buy this again.  For a good tea tree shampoo, use Paul Mitchell."
"it has zero color and zero smell, it you try to place it on the skin or paper..its, clear and smell like vegetable oil, if you place it natural on your skin it is the same so no , save your money..it is so not the real deal."
The product did not work to well in my foster child's hair the scent was not so great and she had no success in managing her hair.
I am done even trying these again.  The last time I tried I thought maybe i need practice. Forget it.  Never again will I EVER buy these.  The sheet ended up in the garbage like the last one.
I have newly relaxed (texlaxed) arm pit length hair. I heard great things about this product and that I give it a try on my newly relaxed hair. This product goes on soft and feels moisturized. By the end of the day my hair feels hard and dull. I am not sure why this product does that to my hair. Did not work great for me.
There is nothing special about this conditioner. You might as well use mayonaise in your hair. This product is not necessary for anyone.
"I have the dark circle trifecta of allergies, heredity, and lack of sleep and am always looking for a miracle product to fix them. This wasn't it.Pros:The texture is nice and creamy and doesn't settle into my fine lines too badly, and I can see that it brightens the eye areas.Cons: It causes non-waterproof eyeliner and mascara to bleed a little. The color selection is very limited and very light. I'd say it's a medium coverage concealer and that's only with layering and you must set it with some kind of powder or it slides right off.I'm still using it just because I have nothing else at the moment, but I'm mixing it with my foundation to get it a little darker. Also, because of the creamy consistency of the concealer you can't really use it anywhere else if you're prone to breakouts. I had a little extra on my concealer brush one day and dabbed it on my chin. The next morning I had broken out in the exact spot where I put the concealer."
This stuff sucks! It peels almost as soon as it dries.  My nails dont seem any better with it than it  did before I used it.  Water makes it peel even faster.
"I got this as a gift. I love the look of it on the lips- a pretty pink shimmery shade, a little on the coral side. Great for summer. But the taste and smell is pure melon. Fine, if you like that. I happen to hate all melon but canteloupe, and this smells like a combo of honeydew and watermelon. I gave it away, which was a shame, but the odor turned my stomach. It was long-lasting and was a nice, BIG tube- I despised that I couldn't use it. Just be sure, if you're giving this as a gift (or any other flavored philosophy Lip Shine) that you're getting a fragrance/taste that your giftee likes, b/c this is STRONG."
"I have quite oily skin,i have a med/fair complexion, and i have post blemish scars i have been desperately trying to get rid of for years, i have tried so many fade and tone creams,expensive & cheap,nothing i been trying has given me great results. I gave this product 4 months to impress me and it did not. On the back of the product it states ""you may experience mild redness, a warm tingling sensation or flaking,which is normal"". I didn't experience none of the above. Any new scar i got,the toner reduced it slightly,but any old scaring showed no improvement. My search continues."
"When I first saw these I thought they were going to be great, but they are far from it. Not a single nail polish bottle I own (and I own over 100+) fit in the pink holder. The bottles do fit in the white holder but very awkwardly to the point you might as well not even use it. Don't waste your time or money! The only reason I didn't send them back is because they are located outside of the US and they were so cheap."
"The moisturizer itself is pretty much standard. Not too greasy or heavy, and quickly absorbed; actually requires more than one application. However, it came with absolutely ZERO anti-tamper/safety/freshness seals, the cream was all plastered to the lid, and it took a gigantic leap of faith to actually put my fingers into the cream and use it. For all I know, it could have been used by someone else before it got to my house. If this is the normal state for this product to be sold, I would not recommend it. But this is largely because of the packaging. Packaging doesn't seem safe, and I won't order again. The actual cream seems OK."
"I don't know how others have rated this so well, but I found it to apply and it just didn't cover the grey.  Nope."
"I don't know what it takes to find a good eyebrow shadow, but I've never found one that's a good match for me.  It's better to go without and go natural, then have the wrong colour on.  I had high hopes on this one because of some of the stellar reviews, but this was a waste of money for me.  The colours, for some reason, did not match my blonde fair-skinned complexion.  The cream side is the more useful of the two, but it looks odd.  I think the hue should be more cool, and less warm.  The powder side does absolutely nothing.  It doesn't add colour, but is supposed to set the cream, but for me there's no point setting something that is wrong to begin with.  Plus, the brush provided is terrible.  Use your own.  I only paid a few dollars, but it was more wasted money on something I'll never use."
"I have used a lot of acne problems, which is a bummer for me.  I thought I would try this since I do get plugged pores.  I have used this product as indicated and it does not do anything at all for me. It was a waste of money.  Though the product arrived quickly and sealed and no problem with the seller just was disappointed in the product since I have acne and need something to help my skin.  Give it a try, who knows, everyones skin is different."
Ummmm..........I thought this organizer was meant for LARGE purses??? This thing is so small and doesn't hold a thing!!!!! I am returning it and getting a refund. Ridiculous
"like everbody elses review, I didnt recieve them either. waste of time and the 80 cents. should have read other reviews before I ordered it."
If you are not a professional or is being treated by one.  Leave this type of product alone.I burned my skin worst than when I started.  I have no desires to ever try to remove darkspots without going to a professional Medical Doctor.Now I am worst off than I started.  Can anyone help me.......?Lucy AB
Does not live up to its advertising. It left my hair more oily and did nothing for my itchy scalp.
"Why didn't I buy this size brush iron sooner?  I have short, layered hair and have been usingInstant Heat Hot Brush, 1 1/4-Inch.  It does a good job, but some pieces of hair are just too short for its barrel. Any type hot brush is hard to find in a real store, so I started my initial search at Amazon instead.  1/2"" is the perfect size for short haircuts.  I prefer added body rather than outright curls, and this does that if the barrel is kept on my hair for about 6-8 seconds.It only has two settings (low/high) compared to Conair's many.  That's okay--once I found the perfect Conair setting, I never moved it elsewhere anyway.  The high setting on Helen of Troy seems to deliver the same amount of heat as Conair's highest setting, so I'm happy.Thank you, Amazon, for stocking a hard to find product and thank you, Helen of Troy, for making it.11-12-2013 UPDATE:  My five star rating has gone down to one because this brush iron lasted ten months before a row of teeth simply broke off, and can't be fixed or replaced.  I wasn't even aware it happened--found out the hard way by getting a big forehead burn.  This iron was not used everyday either--just occasionally when more body was desired.  I see now from reading negative reviews that many others have experienced the very same problem."
I have been using this product for a month and have noticed no changes in under eye puffiness or darkness. I think that any moisturizer would do the exact same thing as this product. Will not repurchase.
not happy with my purchase. I had liked the product I used before so this time I ordered it from amazon. I should have checked the reviews. I received a counterfeit product too.
I thought these would be a tighter fit for my natural hair style but they kept slipping. So they might fit for someone with a larger head but just not for me and my peanut head!
"My hair is falling due to hereditary issues, my dad and my grandpa lost his hair at the age of early 20s. I am 21 and I kind of want to do everything possible to keep my hair without spending thousands on Bosely or similar treatments. I decided to try Phytoworx Organic Hair Loss Shampoo and it did not help at all, it actually gave me pimples on my forehead. I am very disappointed but I guess not everything works for everyone. I&#8217;m sure this product works for some as they claim. For me I am switching back to Ultrax Labs Shampoo which helped my hair from falling but I did not notice any hair growth."
"I think my expectations were too high for this product. I live in Houston where the climate can range from extreme humidity in the summer to cold and rainy in the winter so I'm not a meteorologist w/ avid knowlege of weather terms but lets say theres a lot of precipitation in the air lol. Anyway, this aggravates my oily, ance prone skin and adds to the breakouts.When I started using this product it reduced the oily skin shine I used to have but I would still have breakouts which left dark marks and I though the C line would help brighten those but in my case it didnt. I found myself using this product for about six months w/ the same dark scars and the same breakouts."
when I had my gel nails done professionally my nails were hard and didn't split at the ends anymore. now I have tries light coats and thicker coats of the base and top coats (as here) as well as the &#34;gelish&#34; color and still it isn't anything like real gel. I wonder if the &#34;ish&#34; means that it really &#34;isn't&#34;
"I have very fine and thin hair because of thinning and hair loss due to medication (beta blocker) I bought this product to be gentle on my hair and give it some moisture because it was weak, fragile and like straw.I didn't like he results at all, it felt dirty and like it had a film on it. I had to wash it out. it might be good for healthy hair but in my case this product is not useful at all for my needs.Now I use ""Its A 10"" leave in spray and deep conditioning mask and I am getting very good results"
"I was excited to get this item.  Plugged it in and was disappointed.  There is no heat.  How is this thing supposed to dry hair?  My hair got tangled in it and amid the cussing, I was able to get free.  Sorry I did not keep the packaging or I would return it for a refund."
I used this whole jar and saw no difference at all. It does moisturizer but I can find a thousand different moisturizers nothing to see here
"It was the wrong color.  I think it is difficutl to determine what color is best for the skin on-line. It is a good product, just the wrong color."
"Massively dried out my scalp and my head was itching like crazy! My entire scalp felt tight and my forehead above the temples began flaking.I went back to Free & Clear shampoo and conditioner that my dermatologist had recommended.It wasn't getting rid of my dandruff so I switched to the T/Gel, but at least the itching and flaking were considerably less with the Free & Clear."
"Well, I got this based off a blog I found on Pinterest and was thoroughly unimpressed.  I guess I'm used to bronzers that actually can blend with your brush.  Once this gets on my face, it just sits there and is I think thE most difficult product I've ever encountered to blend.  I've tried using more primer, more moisturizer, less... I dunno.It also is VERY dark.  To me, this seems like a giant eyeshadow and nothing like a bronzer.  There is no sparkle in it, which I like, but it just doesn't work for me.  If you have dry skin, this might not be the best for you.  I think I'm going back to Laura Mercier's creamy bronzing palette.  Her products are awesome and I guess I shouldn't veer."
"Broke after about 2 months. Really didn't see much difference, except helped with product absorption. I would not buy again, look for one made better."
"This mascara was clumpy and dried out fast, didn't last long.  I didn't get long lush lashes like I do with Buxom."
This is another product that I don't get.  What is it supposed to do because I see no difference from using or not using it.
"I was born during JFK's administration and I have probably discarded 2 hair care products in my entire life. This is the third. I have thick wavy and coarse hair.  This product does not clean, does not condition, just awful. It left my hair coated and waxy. One is better off using inexpensive conditioners such as Suave, VO5 and the rest. This product is not as good as either the expensive stuff it tries to imitate nor the inexpensive stuff. Unfortunately, one more bad review for Ren."
"So I have tried several different bb creams (all korean products) to see which ones were the best. I purchased this loreal one this morning and tried it, and it really doesn't compare to any of the korean ones I have tried (even the korean ones that I didn't really like). The consistency is too thin, and the coverage is weak. I know that it is for ""light"" skinned people, but that doesn't mean that it should just be completely translucent. I am Korean and have fair skin and I think from now on, I will be sticking to  my favs Skin79, hanskin, or skinfood."
"I was shocked at how bad these plates turned out to be after reading all the good reviews. I couldn't wait to get these plates because the full nail images are so beautiful. I have Konad and other non-Konad brands of image plates, and these are by far the worst ones. None of full nails images pick up the full design, and even if that wasn't a problem, the full nail images are too narrow to cover the entire width of all the nails. A few of the small single item designs work okay, but not good.The images on the plates are really rough and uneven. They don't pick up the polish well, nor transfer it to the nail completely. Also, the edges are extremely uneven and will cause many little cuts on your fingers, as many others have mentioned in their reviews. That roughness is part of the problem with the images. You can just look at them at tell how uneven they are. Even though these are so cheap compared to the Konad plates, they are a total waste of money. Shany & Bundle Monster work well, spend your money on those brands, if don't want to pay the high price for Konad.Also, these plates seemed dirty when I got them. I cleaned them up well, but it didn't help much."
"I'm sure it's great for some, but do a spot test before you use it.  This turned my face red in a matter of minutes and I look burned.  I guess I'm allergic to it unfortunately.  The seller was great though...very fast.  Too bad it didn't work for me.  Now to deal with the red face... :("
they are very stiff and flat i couldnt get them to stick to my eyelid because they were to straight!
This eye cream did nothing for me. I noticed no difference whatsoever and I even checked in a magnifying mirror. I started using nutrogena oil free moisturizer around my eyes and it smoothed the wrinkles and eliminated the dark circles immensely. Fraction of the price of this cream and from a drug store!
"This mascara DID make my lashes look GREAT... but my eyes only looked good for an hour or 2.  Then black/grey smudges started forming underneath.  The mascara was coming off!  In retrospect maybe I should have gotten waterproof, but the Clinique mascara I was using previously wasn't waterproof and this didn't happen.  I hadn't used any oils or cremes on my eyes in 24 hours so I think it's just the oiliness of my skin or maybe the length of my lashes that caused the problem.  But this didn't happen previously so if I can find the receipt it's going back to Sephora.  If you have dry skin I might recommend this product but if not get waterproof or another brand."
"The best way to describe this color is sheer with a hint of pink. When light hits the polish, it gives off almost a silver/metallic looking sheen. I think that's what they consider ""frost"". I'm not crazy about the color at all. The pink is hardly noticeable. Sorry Gelish, this color is a no go."
"Although I am a great fan of Aveeno skin product, but when it comes to its shampoos I haven't observed any reasonable improvement on my hair.... I ahve tried several different ones and none seems very special or miraculous."
At first the product worked great. Then over time the water started turning cloudy and had a funny smell. Would not repurchase and would definitely not recommend.
"Overall, I like the size, style, etc of the HSI 1"" flat iron BUT there is NO WAY it got to 400+ degrees! I really liked the moveable plates and really wish it had gotten hotter. I have full, straight hair and use a flat iron daily to flatten and compact and de-wrinkle my hair. The HSI didn't do much to my hair but when my CROC died I thought I would try this one out. No go. I cannot believe the number of good ratings though! Perhaps I got a dud?"
"I purchased this hair treatment because it was on a super discount at my local store (warning ..?) but for 2 $$ I figured I'd use it for sure!! My results were ;;Could barely brush my hair out after applying the product, as directed. (I used 1/4 .. Maybe 1/3 of bottle on my halfway down my back hair) Lost a lot of hair in that process. Uggh not going so well..Put my hair up for the 30 minute recommendation, it'd halfway dried & was pretty crunchy to the touch.Blowdried, brushed, then flat ironed, exactly as directed. My hair was very straight. But in addition it was very crunchy, very sticky, very brittle and very unpleasant to touch. It had shine but not anymore shine then I usually have.It actually reminded me of putting a bunch of gel and mousse in my hair and then blow drying and straightening. it pretty much had the exact effect, in fact I think that's pretty much what the stuff is... not really a keratin treatment but just some stuff to goop it up and keep it straight with gel/mousse like product.For me I found that I'm better off just putting some high quality oils (ALTERNA BAMBOO Smooth Pure Kendi Oil Pure Treatment oil, also found in amazon &lt;3) in my hair before I blow dry and straighten it works out 1000 times better.I Ended up washing it out immediately because I couldn't stand the sticky feeling and I couldn't run my fingers through my hair without them getting stuck. I will never use this product again."
When I took my 100%pure products out of the package they were really warm and had a foul chemical like smell when I sniffed them. The lotion itself may not contail chemicals but the plastic containers certainly do. I'm discovering all plastic is toxic whether it says bpa free or not. NO MORE PLASTIC [...]
I bought this hoping to keep my red hair vibrant in between salon visits. This stuff streaked through my hair & turned the dull red a dark pink! It would be great if I wanted my hair pink but I don't. Giving it to a friend whose hair is pink to keep her pink bright!
"MY thick course hair didn't like this. I also don't prefer the smell. It may work for you, just not for me."
"This intense hydration mask doesn't work for me at all. I get a dry scalp, particularly at the top of my head. For the past 10 days I carefully rub this directly into the dry part of my scalp, then massage some more through my hair and scalp, and then wait a couple minutes before rinsing. My scalp is still itchy and my hair feels dry and tangled. I have to use a giant glop of leave in conditioner to comb my hair when I get out of the shower after using this mask, it doesn't work at all."
It is creamy. I do not like creamy blushersThe colour is OK.  The tecsture  of it is for younge girls.\
"Banana Boat, Hawaiian Tropic, Neutrogena and most sunscreens tested by Consumer Report are called **Chemical Sunscreens** not **Physical Sunscreens**. Consumer Report does their tests on Chemical formulas not Physical formulas since those are inexpensive products. I refer to Consumer Report when I am purchasing a table saw or a battery but never for anything related to my health since for that I refer to EWG. Zinc formula sunscreens will cost four times more, are not sold in big box stores but it is the same concept as consuming processed food with chemicals since those chemicals are absorbed by the skin where Physical Sunscreen formula stays outside the skin. Read Ingredients of anything that you apply to your skin just like you would be consuming inside the skin.Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical, blocks both UVA (320&#8211;400 nm) and UVB (280&#8211;320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer &#8211; 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin&#8217;s DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF."
The product arrived expired...therefore it was very thick going on and felt filmy and was hard to get off my face.
I've tried several different formulas in the TRESemme' line and I'm just not ever crazy about them. I hate the big bottles; they take up too much room in my shower. The scents are very light and just a generic shampoo/conditioner scent. They really need to come up with something in the scent department.The results are always the same. My hair gets cleaned and conditioned but its left just so-so and kind of frizzy.I had hopes for the Keratin Smooth line. The shampoo contains lower sulfate and keratin infused but the results were no different than any other time I've tried TRESemme'.
"Basically this product has a strong lavender smell like you might find in certain herbal medicines which contain lavender and tea tree oil, and is very, very thin. This makes it difficult to apply and also provides very little coverage- I rarely have blemishes- just looking for something to even out freckles, cover some places where I'm prone to blackheads on my nose, etc.I put this on and it looked literally the same as bare skin. I tried applying more and I looked orange. I totally thought the &#34;it makes me look orange!&#34; thing was an exaggeration for when the coloring looks off, but this seriously was orange."
"I would not recommend this product the rubber applicator is too stiff so the pattern smears and does not transfer easily, sometimes it does not even transfer from the plate unto the stamp properly, I literally had given up on stamping until I purchased the Konad double side stamp kit."
"Results are so minimal the price is just too high per month for myself. Makes hair greasy after gets In system, I prefer high omega 3 and 7 to this with biosil."
"First of all it does not glide smoothly, so it is easy to get a thick line just because you were trying to get any color there.Second of all, it's shiny. Not what I wanted at all, should have believed in the other reviews. I think purple is a good replacement for back, being not so dark and adding a bit of color, but this is light and shiny. I don't like it."
"Does not work very well, but I guess you get what you pay for.  I'll stick with Oil of Olay."
This lotion has a strong odor.  If you have a sensitive nose or can't handle really strong smells this is not the lotion for you.  It goes on very smooth and makes your skin feel incredible - but the aroma is strong enough to drive other people out of the room.  If you have sensitive skin I think this lotion might make you break out.
"I gave this to my 12 yr old granddaughter, who gave it back to me after saying she has 2 different wave machines & didn't work at all.  My friend said she'd try it & said it did nothing for her hair.  I personally don't have enough hair to curl."
Nice for price but kind cheap looking
"This product has a nice, fresh, fragrance. This spray is supposed to add an 80% increase in volume, while maintaining touchable softness. I used this spray on half my hair to test it out. While I admit it did not weigh it down and did, indeed, maintain the ""touchable softness"", I did not really feel it increased volume. The treated side looked pretty much like the untreated side."
"Not very pleased at all. I'm 44 with expression lines in my forehead. I thought I was supposed to be getting a sample to try before I love it and then place an order for a full size.  Well, I received a full size ""tube"" and charged for it, of course, (not the ""free sample, just pay for shipping"" like the ad said). After 4 weeks now, there is no change in the lines on my forehead. AND there was no shipping forms of any kind in the box, no return information at all. Would I recommend this product? No.  Could I have spent that $189 for something better? Yes. Will either go back to Botox or some other filler. Oh, and I don't smoke or tan my face so my wrinkles are not caused from a poor lifestyle. I just wanted the lines to soften up but they didn't; and I'm not comparing this product to Botox or any other filler. I didn't expect Botox results but I did expect SOMETHING beneficial to happen because it was so expensive."
The tape does not get a good seal and it allows polish to leak under so it just doesn't work.
"I tried this product because it does have some great ingredients in it that are known for cellulite reduction, however, perhaps not a high enough concentration. This did absolutely nothing for me, didn't even smell good, took forever to absorb and produced no results whatsoever. It was more expensive than the products I had been using and didn't work nearly as well. Would not buy again."
"I wanted to use this to cover some dark acne marks.  First of all, its texture is too oily/greasy, so it basically slides off the skin, forget trying to put any other type of makeup over it, and it rubs off no matter what you do to try to set it in.  Second, the coverage is very minimal and sheer, even if  you try to build on it (which you can't because it's too oily), so the dark spots shine through and are even more pronounced.  I took this back to Macy's and traded it in for the Dermablend cover cream, which I absolutely LOVE."
"I wonder how could Sally Hansen sell a product as shabby as so!! I got the fair color because I have fair skin. I used it exactly as directed but it turned out orangy and funny, of course I had to wash it out because I wouldn't go out with those funny legs. Not to mention that it didn't even cover anything, I only have some scratches on my legs which are barely visible however I wanted to cover them so I could go out without a pantyhose but that spray didn't cover anything and it looked literally funny and what added insult to injury was that it also gave me a hard time cleaning it with soap and water!!! I'm very disappointed!"
Way to sheer. Had to use 4 coats and still didn't look like the bottle! But other then that it's beautiful.
Don't waste your money.  This is just a typical moisturizing serum and nothing more.  It does not do what it promises.
"I don't like this product.  it's gentle enough on hair, and it smells ok, and I love the Dove brand, but this is got to be one of their worst products.I tried it, expecting it to be something like the Pantene AgeDefy thickening spray, which I really DO like.  It's not at all like it though - this is more like a spray that you spray right on your roots, then your supposed to smooth your hair with a brush.  The Pantene is aimed at your scalp with caffiene and it reduces hair loss.  This product is more like just a treatment that is supposed to thicken your hair's shaft.  It said 'Oxygen Root' so I thought they'd be similar but they just aren't.I didn't get any thickening effect, no volume, it just felt like water on my scalp, but left my hair looking dirty! My hair looked dull and oily around the roots when this had dried.  It did NOTHING for my hair. I had to wash my hair the next day after using this.  It's not for me.  My hair is generally normal with dry roots, and it's wavy and long."
"For being such an elegant, expensive bottle, this product was very disappointing.  Let me start off by saying that, unlike other reviews, I actually like the smell.  Everything about the presentation--bottle, drawstring bag, and smell--was appealing.  Except, perhaps, for the cap, which has a tendency to collect oil on the lip of the bottle.However, in my experience using this, I have noticed none of the promised benefits.  In fact, all that has changed is that my hair looks oilier--not shinier/healthier--after use and loses volume.  I discontinued after a week's worth of use.This may be a good product for someone with drier hair, but for mine (combination), it does not work as described."
I have dark blonde hair I got two of these since the product comes in small bottle thinking id need more then one..bud choice. Ive been useing this product for 4 weeks now almost emptied 1st bottle and i've noticed slight to no change in my hair color... I really hoped that this would work for me but all its done is made my hair more corse and dry. Bad buy wont buy again.
"This Replacement Brush Head looks like a Clarisonic Brush Head, but it doesn't act like one. I took it out of the box, inserted it into my Clarisonic, and turned it on. Buzz, Buzz, Buzz, no movement of the head, just a sound. I removed the replacement head and inserted the old head into the Clarisonic. It worked very well. No problem with the Clarisonic, only the replacement head.Lesson learned: trying to save money by purchasing a cheaper replacement head is foolhardy. The replacement does not work, money down the drain, and I will spend the money to buy a REAL Clarisonic Replacement Head.Not Recommended.  prisrob 10-22-12ADDENDUM:The seller reimbursed me fully for this product, plus shipping fee. Kudos to EZ4 Shoppings!"
Great idea  cheap materials. But you get what you pay for. The zip is soooo very hard to open. i have to use too much force and it looks like it will break soon. many pockets which are useful but now that it has come ; I see that I should have paid more money for better quality. This is just cheap fabric nylon /plastic. I actually bought three of these. gave my sister one and she likes it. It was free for her but I paid too much for this. My recommendation is to spend more money for better quality.
"I should have bought a lighter shade. Make me look Orange not a fan art all, suits on counter not being used"
power cord stoped working i was starting to like it never will i buy this or recommend it to anyone
I gave this product several attempts before throwing it out. What a waste of multiple time consuming manicures. I expected this to hasten the dry time so I could get the top coat on a bit faster then use my hands soon after. This just ruined my nail polish by making my nails oily then repelled my top coat. Plus my nails did not dry well or quickly. I should have just been patient instead of wasting an hour or more to only have to remove all the damn polish.
"These are cute little soap trays but they are cheaply made. The slats are hot glued on crooked and the wood is not sealed. So if you put wet soap on these eventually you will have a mold problem. These would be better used for craft projects or dry decorative soap displays, not real everyday soap use."
"Very difficult to use, pulls hair. My hair is very fine . Flat iron is much more gentle on my hair than this brush. Disappointed"
"I've been using Tresemme forever, and usually find it to be better than first rate. I used to buy products at my salon (for a pretty penny), but Tresemme has shown me the light: I can get better quality products for greatly lowered prices. A first-class example is Tresemme Smooth and Silky Conditioner, a great conditioner for my very long hair that makes every strand look full and removes all the tangles; at a price that lets me afford other things, too. I have a shelf full of Tresemme products and have never been disappointed.Until Now.This stuff just doesn't work for me. It leaves my hair tangled and scruffy, worse than if I hadn't used any product at all to condition it. And as far as the &#34;Conditioning Effect Lasting Through Three Shampooings,&#34; - Ha! It didn't work for one shampoo, much less through three. It is so different than my other Tresemme products I felt like it was a joke. But it's no joke, just the very rare lousy product in the mostly incredible Tresemme line.Buy the Tresemme Smooth and Silky Conditioner, and leave it on for a minimum of 3-5 minutes. You'll love the soft and silky way your hair ends up. Gorgeous, and smooth like a baby's hair.  As for this dreck, I'm going to give it a toss into the trash, and not think of it as indicative of the overall Tresemme line."
"I really wanted to keep this mirror because I did like how it folded up and the light seemed really good, however the 9X side of the mirror was terrible.  You had to have your face no less than an inch from the mirror to see clearly.  If you moved farther back then that everything was distorted, it gave me a headache trying to focus in so close.  Sadly I had to return, would not recommend for putting on makeup with."
"You heard it. The colors arent very pigmented and its a very chalky palette. save your money and invest in a nicer brand,"
"I've been pleased with other Yes To products, especially their cucumber eye gel, so I expected good things from their tomato face lotion. Can't go wrong with tomatoes, right?  In fact, this product smells nothing like tomatoes....it's a sweet floral scent which I found to be too much. I didn't finish the bottle, and went back to my old stuff. The lotion itself was fine; I have problem dry skin, and this moisturized without feeling greasy. If they could just tone down the scent a bit, that'd be dandy."
Soap is thin and slippery and doesn't lather well.  Even when all the soap is rinsed off it leaves my skin feeling tight in some places and oily in others and stings a bit.  :(
Works ok but takes time....just like many other products. Nothing special
"I had high hopes after reading the reviews of this product.  I really wanted something that would help shrink my pores at night, and hopefully even my skin tone.  I wasn't too thrilled at all the ingredients (I tend to prefer more natural stuff when it will work for me).  This product was a little heavy for my skin, but it smelled nice.  However, afte I started using it, I began to get the biggest cysts I had ever seen.  I mean huge.  They would start deep under the skin and take days to emerge.  They were incredibly painful, and always resulted in a huge white head.  In fact, many of them had multiple heads!  YUCK!!!  After I stopped using this product I no longer had this problem, so I know for sure there was a direct correlation.  I normally have acne prone skin, but I have never had such huge, painful cysts in my life.  I tried giving it a few weeks, since I know that for some products there's a &#34;breaking in&#34; period where your skin has to get used to the new stuff. But, finally, I couldn't stand the huge pimples any more, so I tossed this junk in the trash!  I'm happy it works so well for other people, but be warned it may give you nightmare pimples!"
"Kind of disappointed b/c everyone has been hooting and hollering about what a great buy this is.  It is slow, even on high speed and brushes are too soft to get much done.  The only time it is useful is if I use an actual salt scrub with it (not the wimpy scrub it comes with).  I like Trader Joe's lavender salt scrub."
"Worst light everWasted 3 hours and my nails werent even dry thenIt also burns your hand, its ridiculous"
"Horrible salespersons are rude and talk down to you if you don't buy their product after they slap it on half your face. However, I was impressed with the results of their products. I am a 40 year old woman with very sensitive and dry skin, so I'm always hesitant to try new products since I have a tendency to have allergic reactions. These products did not cause any reactions, but they also didn't reduce, replenish or lift anything. It is very overpriced, but Amazon prices are much more affordable. I'm not sure what industrial strength creams they used in the demonstration but the products that I purchased did NOT yield the same results. I will not buy this eye cream again."
"I have dry to combination skin that is blemish prone and has a tendency toward redness.  I tried a sample of this product thinking it would be great for times when I needed to go natural (aka camping) but didn't want to have blotchy skin.  I put my normal moisturizer on first then applied the BB Cream. To my dismay it made my whole face so dry my skin was flaky! I have already done 1 day of excessive moisturizing to try to rehydrate my skin and its still not back to its normal state.  I've heard BB creams can be drying, but this is ridiculous! If you have skin that tends to be dry, stay away from this product! However if you have very oily skin, this may be a product that really helps to dry that out."
"It's definitely a cute idea, but very cheap and fake looking. I can't imagine a grown woman seriously wearing this out anywhere unless it's for costume purposes."
"I expected to open this small container and have powder fall into my hand - like baby powder, I suppose. The dust from this container is much lighter weight than that powder. It's also translucent and somewhat difficult to see. How much should I use? I can't see it and can barely feel it. Then I put some in my hair and rubbed it around. Plenty went into the air around me (based on the dust I saw in the sunlight streaming in the window), but some certainly went on my hair. My wife said it made it feel ""sticky,"" a feeling which was present for an hour or so. I could easily hand style my hair during that period, but would have needed to replenish the dust thereafter. My wife, just for kicks, tried it in her fine curly blonde hair; it didn't look like it did anything. My hair, which is less fine (also less present), seemed to be better suited for the product, but I can't say I'll be dusting my hair again in the future."
"I decided to order this based on all the high reviews. My skin was very dry and I'd heard how great hyaluronic acid was for moisturization. When I got this the first thing I noticed was the smell. Not great. Not horrible but definitely not pleasant. When I put it on it came out as more of a gel than a serum also which was not what I was expecting. Getting a decent amount in the dropper was fun also due to the gel-like consistency. When I put it on my face it felt almost drying which I found very odd. I checked out the ingredient list and although I was pleased with a lot of good natural ingredients, I did notice witch hazel on there (higher than hyaluronic acid!) which is often used as an astringent. Perhaps that's why. I used it for a few weeks but didn't notice much of a difference. I'm only 28 so I don't have many lines or wrinkles so maybe that's why I didn't notice as much of a difference? Either way I tried the Cosmetic Skin Solutions Resurfacing Serum next which I found also has hyaluronic acid and I like that much better. That makes my skin feel more moisturized and also improves my skin texture. I really wanted to like this serum, especially since the price was great but I just didn't see it doing anything for my skin. Not worth it. I'd rather spend a little more for something I see results with."
"I'm just so dissapointed in this tool. I have extensive experience using curling wands - I've been using them for over 6 years. I've used the higher end Enzo Milano and the cheaper TGI brand when my Enzo finally died and I needed another one in a pinch. Both of those brands worked amazingly well and had excellent results. I also have super long hair that's not very thick so it's easy to curl with a wand.I was really excited to use this wand because of the teardrop shape. I thought it would add some variety to my normal wavy style. Well, the teardrop takes some getting use to...The edge of the teardrop can leave a crease in your hair if you don't angle it just right as you twist your hair around. I also found that using larger chunks of hair at one time works better and gives a smoother, bouncier wave. It took me quite a bit of experimenting to get this thing to work for me so don't expect to buy this and use it for the first time when your in a hurry.The other issue I had was the heat- it gets SOOO HOT. I could actually smell my hair burning. Not everyone needs 410 degrees Fahrenheit of heat. I certainly don't. So, a temp adjuster would have really been nice. Another problem I found was that the ends of my hair looked unfinished, dry, and brittle...probably due to the scorching fire wand I had just wrapped them around.But worst of all, after subjecting my hair to this Salem witch style treatment, the curls fell flat in about 5 minutes. I'm not kidding. I didn't even have time to leave the bathroom before my hair looked like the plops. (That's poo plops, you know, really bad) My other wands always hold up even in the semi-tropical, 100% humidity environment of South Texas.So, overall, I was just extremely dissapointed in this thing. Especially since I have had really good experience with Remington's other products (hair dryers and straightners)"
"i hate this product. it clumps, it smells, it never comes off. It took me forever to get it off. plus, it looks soo fake!"
"Very dissatisfied for paying so much for tiny bottles of Essie nail polish and it only staying on for a couple of days. I applied basecoat and top coat and it started chipping 2 days later, very disappointed."
"I was so looking forward to become one of the satisfying customers who left positive reviews here...but sadly it turned out not to be the case.  I still ended up looking like a raccoon 4 hours after putting it on.  I have medium-to-oily skin and that's probably why it did not work out well for me.  But the brush that comes with the package does make it easy to apply gel to the eye.  At the end, my old eyeliner (Bobbi Brown Long-wear gel eyeliner) worked better for me but it was pricy that's why I wanted to find an alternative."
"I ordered these on Amazon (from Trend Marketing) and they arrived in a ridiculously huge box that was clearly made for legal-sized paperwork, not a 4"" cube box. In addition, the ridiculously large packaging was completely useless, as one of the heads was broken.But my biggest complaint is that these are either not actual Clarisonic brush heads, or they've been refurbished. I've been using Clarisonic for 6 years now and I have never had brushes that were ""fluffy"" with the bristles going every different direction.I buy alot of items on Amazon, but I'll bite the bullet and order these directly from Clarisonic from now on..."
"I tried the Absolut repair after my hair was damaged by highlights after a straight perm. It felt like it stripped my hair more, and my impression was that it wasn't much better than most drugstore brands. I do usually use salon products, and as far as a professional repairing conditioner, it didn't blow me away at all."
"I carefully followed the sparse instructions. I spritzed this on my towel dry hair. Since there were no specifics, I sprayed from my roots to my ends. As directed, I ran my fingers through my hair to fully distribute the product. It seemed to require considerably longer for my hair to air-dry (I rarely use a hair-dryer since I have long hair that I want to keep healthy). And, the results? As though I had done nothing differently at all. I saw virtually no difference between the results of my regular routine and this instance (of using Renewal). Luckily, I also had no trouble washing it out the next day. Needless to say, this has not won its way into my daily regimen."
"I have had these plates almost two months now, I wanted to give them a fair chance before I commented on them. I am new to nail art stamping and these are the very first set of plates that I bought. When I was looking online I thought that this set had the prettiest images of all the the sets available so I ordered them. They came in a little plastic pouch that can be used for storage and had the proper backing, even the blue plastic came of without much fuss. They were really great until I started to use them.When I got them home and tried them out I was convinced that I was doing something wrong. Paint, scrape and stamp right? I couldnt get the images to pick up they were faded,they didnt transfer. In all fairness I didn't use it with special polish, just regular polish and I was mostly scraping with an old card because the metal scraper I have scrapes my plates which is annoying. I thought that this might be reason why. After these I got plates from GALS, Cheeky, Konad and Pueen, I used the same plastic card and polishes and had no issues.The images will pick up maybe three times out of five. Some of the images are hard to clean because the lines are so fine like the heart and line tip on plate RA101. This makes it kind of difficult to use consecutively.Another thing is that these images are kind of small , the full plate ones are slightly less than half an inch and my thumb is just over half an inch so given that twelve out of the twenty plates are full nail designs and the one tip plate is also too small, I don't get much use out of them.I wouldn't discourage anybody from buying them because I still think they have some of the prettiest images so if you have smaller hands and the patience to keep stamping the same image over and over, go for it. If you have larger nails this is just a waste of money."
This curling iron works fine as far as curling irons go. I feel like the barrel is smaller than depicted. It does get super hot... but almost too much of a pain to work with. The glove doesn't help protect from heat and is also awkward to use with your hair. I think the clipless iron is overrated. I get the same results from a clip iron...so if you are wanting this iron because you think it might work better than a regular one- don't bother. The curls I get were also not big and voluminous they were the same curls you would expect to get using a 1&#34; curling iron. Wish I had the money back rather than this curling iron collecting dust in my bathroom cabinet.
may be i chose the wrong one. it is not my skin color and i feel really not comfortable when it is on my face.
"I had high hopes of this helping my sad little eyelashes, but NOTHING on it worked on the first try. The button didn't move in any direction. I guess I got a dud. Since it was a test product, I can't exchange it. Bummer.I guess my eyelashes will have to be disappointed."
"I bought this product and thought nothing of the price for if it worked, it would have been worth it.  I was very disappointed.  It was just a gimmick.  However, I found amazing results by taking biotin, folic acid, and bio-sil 3x's a day.  Don't waste your money on something that doesn't work."
I was very disapointed in this lipstick.It isnt near as pink as the picture shows. i got it right away. But the color in the picture is very descieving.
"I only like the color but it became powder once applied. If you use it on under eyelid, better find an eyeliner that has shimmer effect. No hassle no returns, coz I tried it in sephora store!"
"I was very excited to try this out after I fell in love with the Yes to Carrots Exfoliating Cleanser, which drastically changed the condition of my skin...maybe I was being greedy about results or maybe I'm comparing it too much to how happy I was about the first cleanser, but for me, this wasn't what I was expecting or looking for and I was very disappointed. I feel kind of bad about a negative review for Yes To because they're an incredible company, and this is really the only product that has let me down, so after reading this, please don't give up on the company, most of their things are incredible, it's just that this one was a flop.My first clue that this wasn't what I was looking for was when I squeezed some of the product onto my hand...it doesn't have a usual or very nice consistency, certainly not what you'd expect for something that's claiming to be exfoliating...it was kind of sticky and translucent, like if you mixed honey, water mixed and a clear dish soap together....very odd and unpleasant. You could see the bamboo exfoliation bits, but you can't feel them when you're cleaning your face with this, only on your fingers, which just feels like it has tiny bits of cardboard confetti that have lost all their form and stiffness from being submerged in water for too long. When I tried scrubbing harder to see if that would work, the little ""beads"" only squashed up against my face in a way that felt very weird, but didn't exfoliate at all. It's not for me...and it actually made my face start to break out, but I went back to my other Yes To cleanser and it cleared right up again. Just wanted to share so some of you don't get into the same predicament that I did."
"It goes on kind of sticky and dry.  It does not work into the skin, but stays on top.  I have dry index fingers and thumbs and applied this product for several days.  Since it washes off, I applied it every time I washed my hands.  It doesn't moisturize.  It really hasn't helped with my dry skin at all."
"With extraordinarily damaged hair that is straight on top, but quite wavy on the bottom (and thus knots VERY easily), I am always on the lookout for a good brush that will detangle my hair without further damaging it.  I have therefore accumulated a large tote bag full of brushes and combs.When I purchased the Knot Genie, I had such high hopes that it would work well and would eliminate my need to purchase more and more brushes and combs.  Unfortunately, my desire for the ""perfect"" brush was not fulfilled by the Knot Genie.Instead of detangling my hair, the Knot Genie ripped out chunks of hair.  Chunks.  Gone.  Its plastic ""teeth"" also don't hold up to much, so several ""teeth"" bent within weeks of acquiring this brush.  That made the ripping issue even worse.This Knot Genie made it no easier to detangle my hair than did a paddle brush or theThe Wet Brush Detangling Shower Brush (Colors Vary).  It is not worth spending more than about $5 on this brush."
"After using this product several times I have downgraded my review.  It feels greasy and heavy.  I'm wearing it now and can't wait to wash my face.  As another reviewer commented, oil comes out of the container also.  The main reason for the one star, is the tube is coming apart at the bottom seam .  Whenever I squeeze the tube the product is coming out of the other end also getting onto my clothes.If you don't mind the heavy feel - The SPF factor is a plus, you'll look great at special events and you will not get sun damage, which could lead to skin cancer.  I live at the beach, so  I need SPF protection, but this is too expensive to use every day.  Almost $20 for 1.5 ounce, ouch.Matching the color to my skin was easy, I already have a bit of a tan.  I have a light complexion and I like the fact that there is no odor, such as you find with sunscreens.  It will also help prevent wrinkles, and spots, a big plus."
For the rave reviews I was expecting it to lay down my naps. But it doesn't. if anything it just leaves a white residue on my freshly washed hair. I havent used much of it at all
"Being a huge fan of the YES TO products, I was super excited to try out their Cucumber Facial Towelettes. I love the smell of cucumber, and the towelletes really do smell wonderful (fresh and energizing), but overall this product just didn't work for me.For one, they make my skin burn. 5 minutes after using them, my skin would get very irritated, red and itchy. And I literally felt like my face was on fire. Nothing like this ever happened to me before, even with the cheapest drugstore make-up removing wipes. I just don't have sensitive skin, so this was a real shocker.Second, they don't remove make-up very well, so expect to look like a rabid raccoon after trying to get your mascara off with these.The texture of the wipes is smooth and very pleasant to the touch, and they do smell fantastic, but the last thing I want is to smell like a cucumber but look like a tomato.I'm sorry YES TO, but this is a NO-NO."
these were way longer then i was expecting. and really thin. hair was falling off of them almost right away. not impressed.
I have heard so many good things about this perfume. So I bought it without smelling it first. Ugh. It gives me a migraine. It doesn't smell like cotton candy and sweet stuff. Oh no. It smells like black licorice and musk. I don't see what the hype is. Just nasty.
"it didn't even work at all to be honest, i put this one for like 2 months and my face still looked exactly the same as when i first put it.. hmmm maybe proactive just doesn't work for me, and i have bought the whole system as a teenager... I gave proactive another short, but proactiv let me down once again, i would not buy this once again.."
"1. Is there a company called Dr. Adorable, Inc. since if there is I cannot find any link to their site on the Net. No link, no phone numbers, no address, ZILCH...2. Is this oil filtered or unfiltered,3. Is this oil hexane gassed,4. Is this oil expeller pressed or cold pressed,5.  Is this oil for internal or external use,6. Is this oil USDA organic since there is no certification stamp nor USDA stamp.Hopefully Dr. Adorable representative will respond.CO is the most important oil out of handful of oils that I daily as beauty mix. I just put half the amount of shampoo, rub it in my palm to mix the shampoo and the CO, apply it as shampoo every single time. I place some CO directly on my head, scrub the scalp for removal of any residue on hair. Ricinoleic acid in castor oil helps to protect hair and stimulates circulation of nutrient rich blood to scalp. Dry scalp can lead to dandruff but CO's omega-9 fatty acids can help. I leave it for few hours and then wash it off. I place CO directly on my eye brows for hair growth. I mix with VCO since it keeps the mix not only liquid but runny. It is the best mix after shaving. I apply the mix to my whole body before mountain biking without any shirt or pumping iron at the gym. The mix keeps the bees and flies away.  I mix CO with AO to remove dark spots on my skin because of the scabs that I get from mountain biking. I blend CO with few more ingredients to make scrub, shaving cream and sunscreen.Any oil from any nut, seed or grain will go rancid, having no nutritional value shortly after production so I keep all my oils in dark containers, away from any light, air and moisture and use it quickly."
"I really need a body wash for my very dry , itchy winter skin. The reviews lead me to purchase this one, but so far it has made no more difference than my other regular body washes. I don't get it's appeal. I think I will maybe try something with ceremides perhaps next time. There are limited choices for extra dry skin from what I can see. I don't think I will repurchase this aveeno not to mention it is NOT sulfate free and I think it's the sulfates that keep my skin so dry after a shower.."
"Yeah. I don't know how tearing holes in my face is supposed to stimulate anything but my nerves, but it hasn't done anything for my face."
"I don't find this to be making my skin as soft as the Decleor Neroli oil, and it's less expensive.The fragrance is like bandaids... strange. Would not purchase again, only using it at nightbecause the smell is so odd."
"I regretted buying this hair brush. I bought it because I like the brand but the brush is not soft at all. I was expecting something better. Anyway, is still brushes my hair. Maybe I shouldn't worry so much about a hair brush."
"I am really impressed this product gets such good reviews. It leaves the skin looking and feeling exactly the same as any average face wash. Maybe it is because I use the microdermabrasion/peel combo, so this one feels like nothing. Perhaps if you have never done any deep cleaning or peel this seems effective. That could explain the hype.It is interesting that it does feel warm on the skin.. but that is about it. Even the Detoxifying Pore Scrub Face Wash (from the same line) leaves the skin feeling *much* cleaner and clearer.This is for me a certain no buy again."
"I got this shampoo to try after my workouts in the morning.  My hair is on the dry side, so I don't want to wash it every day and I thought this was a good alternative.The directions say to use 1-2 pumps, I used 2 the 1st time and it was probably too much for my short hair.  It smells really good, not too manly and the smell stayed in my hair most of the day.  The problem is that this claims to not give a greasy look, but I really thought it did.  It felt like a mousse and hardened in my hair, giving it an overly hairsprayed look.  My hair smelled cleaner, yes, but it did not look or feel any cleaner.  Disappointing product."
"Like the other reviewers, I loved how this product made my wavy hair soft, smooth, and manageable. Then, I began to notice my ends were terribly split. I am a stay at home mom, and do not heat style often (even when I did my ends never looked so frayed) and have not dyed my hair in months. Also, I have not used any other new products on my hair. So, I was surprised at the splits, but figured I was just due for a cut. I had to cut off about an inch. That was a couple of weeks ago. For several days I did not use the Suave Keratin Leave-In. Out of sight, under my sink, I had forgotten about it. I kept checking my ends (I've been growing my hair out for some time and wanted to be sure I wasn't going to have to cut more) and they looked great, freshly cut. Then the weekend comes around and I pull out the leave-in and use it maybe three times. One week later, and my hair is more frayed than before my cut. It's even multi split on newly cut in layers. I'm TICKED. I just read the horrible reviews for the smoothing treatment when I came here to leave this review and feel so sorry for those ladies and so glad I didn't try it when I saw it in the store next to the leave-in. I'd have to cut off atleast another two inches to get rid of the damage this had done and I'm not sure the hair wouldn't just keep breaking from there."
"I'll be short on this:the concealer doesnt offer either a m&eacute;dium coverage! it just dissapear no matter how I apply it.The highligher looks like glitter on my and personally, I dont like that totally fake glow on my face.wont buy this never again"
"Makes scalp greasy, and if you &#34;comb&#34; it through, masses of hair come out!  No magic rejuvenation for MY hair!  Not worth the price and the special order."
"I had read other reviews that said that there wasn't as much product in some containers as others...no big deal I thought.  If one is full and another is 3/4 full, not a dealbreaker.  However, some of these are almost empty.  These were to be part of a gift and I don't have any time to order something else.  I'm glad they are being given to a kid, because I'd be embarrassed if they were for a teen or adult.  I'm not sure what the quality is like.....looks very similar to the glitter that came with the glitter tattoo set I bought as part of the gift. Only you know....looking like it's been used 15 times.  This is the first time I've ever been really, truly let down by a product and agreed with the negative reviews I read."
"Well, I bought this because of a review in a magazine.  I think the author must have been paid to put in a good review.  I didn't see any difference with my skin tone, texture or anything.  Even used it when derma rolling and didn't do any good.  For me it was just an extra product on my face.  It did smell good and didn't leave my skin greasy."
"My nails peel and break MORe with this product.If you read directions- they want you to apply every day for 4 days, then remove and start over.If I put any old top coat on 1x day for 4 days, I would get same or better results."
"So I bought the gloss, because I liked the color, very pretty with golden glitter. However, the first time I wore it, I realized after about an hour, that the gloss has clumped weirdly on my lips. I couldn't smoothen it out and had to wash it off. This has never happened to me before with any other gloss. This was my first revlon gloss. Tested it at home again with same result. I am throwing this one out. Pity, coz it was a pretty color"
"I love Neutrogena products but was really disappointed with this one. After using two tubes worth, I still noticed nothing.  I used it at night and also during the day under my eye makeup.  It didn't do anything for my dark circles or fine crow feet lines. It worked as a basic moisturizer, that's it.  Probably because there's no retinol. I'm using Roc products now and love it.  Same prices but with retinol."
"I bought this stuff on sale, and despite all the glowing reviews, I'm going to say that this is not for everyone...myself included.  I this this product would work really well with a second person involved to apply the product.  Perhaps it's because I'm new to spray-on tans, but my results were disappointing and embarrassing.  I only sprayed this on my legs.  I was sure to exfoliate and shave.  I sprayed as evenly as I could.  The color was lovely, but blotchy...I had white patches here and there.  Worst of all, though, was that the product dripped, and I didn't realize it.  The next day, my calves were white except for the drip marks running down them, and my heels and arches of my feet had pools of super-dark ""tan"" on them.  It looked awful.  After reading up some, I'm going to switch to Fake Bake.  That product is rubbed on, and has a bronzer so that you can SEE where it's being applied.  No worry of drips.  There's a great review on there--first one--that gives advice on other products to use to make a perfect tan every time.  Meanwhile, this stuff will go in the garbage."
"I picked this set specifically because of the reviews, I wanted to make sure I actually received 10 different tips and not repeats as other products reviews mentioned. I just received mine in the mail and while the quality itself seems good they are not like the photo. Mine have no lettering/number on the barrels of any sort and out of the 10 tips only 3 sizes are unique, the rest are all repeats... all 5 have the same size on one end and the tops I have two sets of 2 that are the same and one that is different. Very very disappointing and for the price not worth it to me to only have 3 different sizes. I'm returning mine and will look to purchase retail so I can be sure of what I'm getting."
"it took too long to dry, waste of money, i want something that isnt as watery as this one. #ew"
"I don't normally buy miracle elixers or promises in a vial, but I thought what the heck, it's under $50. I used it as directed every night and have seen absolutly no growth, thickness or difference other than the occasional stinging sensation when it drips in my eye. If you don't have $50 to gamble, just go get some real nice mascara that you can test and have the option of returning at Sephora or fun falsies."
"I bought this because a beauty guru on youtube was using it. The first two times I used it was awesome. It gave a very sharp and dark wing. But after a week it came out clear which has never happened to me with any other liner before. It wasn't just ""not as dark"" or light black. I had to swipe it a couple of times before it became a very dilute black. I shook and stored it upside down and it did nothing. Horrible. Don't buy it."
"It doesn't control oil on my face, in fact I feel like it makes the problem worse! It flakes and looks terrible under makeup. It does not minimize the appearance of pores and does not help makeup stay on throughout the day. Not sure how this even qualifies as a primer!? Plus it feels sticky when you apply it. What a waste of money! I do like the original primer though, it actually minimizes my pores greatly and has a nice feel to it (smooth/soft on your skin). Stick to the original!!"
I'm not happy with the effect this product had on my hair.  I have very long wavy hair that tangles easily.  This conditioner (used along with the same type Nexus Shampoo) left my hair feeling rough and worst of all it was extremely difficult to pull a comb through it either wet or after it dried.  It did leave my hair fuller but with lots of fly aways.  I intend to experiment by leaving more of the product in after shampooing though I'm leery of that for fear it will weight my hair down and cause limpness.
They don't do what they are made to do! After 20 minutes it has already creeped so far back there's no point in wearing one.
"I have to say this didnt cut it and has been sitting in my shower for along time after many uses. For 30% glycolic it didnt do anything at all. No tingle which would be common, I used it on my chest area and got a growth that developed. I also notice it smells like shampoo and ingredients say sulfates. I know after all these reviews I was excited to purchase. I didnt get those results! Save your money!"
"BUYER BEWARE!!! Compare all the boxes on the shelf, cucumbers, carrots, grapefuit etcTHEY ARE ALL THE SAME INGREDIENTS!!!!!!!! Marketing strategies by yes."
Once again I got sucked in by positive reviews of a product.  I tried Diane VonFurstenburg's new one and fell in love but didn't want to pay the $95 for it.  I was hoping that maybe one of her older ones would be just as good and would hold me until I get my boyfriend to buy me the new one for Christmas.  So this one was inexpensive and had good reviews so I bought it.  BIG MISTAKE.  It's very strong and it just...stinks.  I didn't even try to give it away. In the trash it went...
"I have super oily hair and when I use this, it almost seems like I didn't use any shampoo at all.It smells really good, and might work great if you have dry hair, which is maybe what it's intended for.I have used other Suave products with better results and wanted to try this scent.  My husband and I have both used this multiple times with the same results.  I would not recommend using this if you have oily hair."
The glue wouldn't come out it was so hard I had to cut it! Defeated the whole purpose I had to throw it out. Wasted my money /:
"Cheap, thin plastic. The pieces don't fit together correctly and I have to be VERY careful that they don't topple over. I will be buying something more expensive and higher quality soon."
"Though this product is advertised as ""non-greasy"", the first thing that came out of the tube when I squeezed it was.. oil.I used it anyway, to be able to give this a fair review, and after two days I completely broke out. My skin was also greasy all day when I used this. I'm just not a fan.. and I must have unnatural skin tone because the tint of this product did not match my face at all."
"This stuff has a strong, odd scent. I bought it to use as a conditioning treatment before shampooing. I honestly didn't notice any positives while using this in my hair, and I tried it for a month before giving up. I prefer extra virgin, unrefined coconut oil instead, which has proven amazing on my hair and scalp. All vatika does is make you smell."
"Wow. I have never written a bad review yet...but this time I just HAVE to. I hate this hair piece. It's almost a joke, really. I have had every brand, every style, every length hair piece under the sun and this one is currently holding my number 1 most hated position. The cap is so tight that it wouldn't fit my one year old's head. It's majorly poofy on top and makes you look like you have a cone head. The hair length shown in the description of the item is about 3 inches longer that the actual unit is. It looked like the back end of a horribly matted dog. I laughed out loud, literally. The color is Ridic'. I ordered the 27/613.....well it was a copper brown with one white (almost-gray) streak in the center of the top. It looks like a skunk....or a persons hair that has a white birth mark streak running through it. WOW! I will keep this thing, but only to play a horribly funny joke of someone. GOODLUCK!"
This holding spray does nothing for my hair. I have that mixed chicks hair and it should but it does absolutely nothing.
"I have purchased this hairspray before and loved it but this is the first time I bought it via amazon and something is off. It does not feel, act, or smell like the previous product (I bought at a local retailer). I am not sure if this product was not genuine or if it was old, but it is not the same. After four uses I threw it away, such a waste of money."
"Lets begin by saying that I'm a FAN of NYX Matte lipsticks that been said , the BLACK LABEL did not do it for me !I didn't like the texture of it nor the color , and it keeps smudge and doesn't stay on AT ALL almost like a cheap lip gloss .the only think I like about it is the lacing details on the packaging and that's it !"
"it's hard to love something that comes in NOT WORKING. the product didn't work. i returned it for a full refund. I went against the plethora of reviews that stated this problem, and in the end, i was wrong for doind so. Amazon should take this product off the site. They should all be ashamed."
The pencil part is so hard I cannot line the rim of my eyes at all and it's also difficult to use it on my eyelids. It's fine for the eyebrow if that's all you want it for.
I received this eyeshadow and the outside was all scratched up. It looked like it had been in someone's makeup bag for a year. I was too afraid to use it and it was only 5.00 from the seller I bought it from. I ended up just throwing it away. It would've been too much trouble to send it back. I'm sure the eyeshadow would've been great if I would've bought it from a different seller. When I get another one from a different seller I will review it again.
"Simple products have natural ingredients, but they are not composed of ONLY natural ingredients.  Many of the chemicals in these wipes are just unpronounceable.  There was not much in the way of moisture with these wipes, nor did I notice appreciable cleansing.  I did notice that my skin was dry enough to need a moisturizer after I used these.  The texture was a bit rough, and I don't think I would use these unless no other cleansing product were available.  They might be OK to wipe a toddler's face after a spaghetti dinner, but for other uses, look elsewhere."
"I have to be honest, I haven't used many of the designs yet.So, the good the bad and the ugly...Cons:* A lot of the designs are doubled on other plates with within the package.* There were a lot of scratches and discolorations to the plates which doesn't seem like it effected stamping much.* Patterns aren't deeply etched in the metal so they aren't as clear as other plates. (I purchased these with a set of MASH plates, and I like the MASH quality better)* I don't have very long nails at all, nor do I have wide nails, and unfortunately the whole designs will not fit my nails. I have issues getting them on my nieces much smaller nail beds as well but they work better for them over the single images because the single images are too big. Whereas for me the single images work perfect, but I can't do the whole nail designs.Pros:* Cheap.* Some cool designs. I mainly bought it for the horror plate with the &#34;scream&#34; mask.* I liked the package it came with. Just stackakble in a little box. Some people don't like this, but I was ok with it.I've heard from others that Shany is known for sending doubles of plates within their packages, and have terrible support."
I'm only giving them 1 star because they are not for nails. They aren't curved so basically if you put them on your nails the edges of the bow will be up and can easily snag on things and it will come right off. There so cute tho so I'm probably just gonna put them on my phone or something. There really small would have been perfect for nails if they were curved. Some of the rhinestones were off the bow when I got them but its a simple fix if you have nail glue. They came within 2 weeks of ordering so that was cool. Wouldn't recommend if your buying them for nails.
"This isn't a bad product - it's just not for me unfortunately. I have normal to oily skin but am prone to a few dry patches here and there especially when the weather gets cold. I bought this because I like a heavy moisturizer at night and decided to try something different. I was first put off by the smell. It has a pretty strong (at least stronger than I prefer) floral smell...I think it's lilac in particular but I can't be sure. I hate any fragranced product for my skin, so I wasn't too thrilled about that. It's definitely very rich...I just don't feel like it soaks into the skin very well. No matter how much I use I always feel like there is a film sitting atop my skin when I put this on. I figured if I wore it at night it might soak into the skin better (like some other products I've used) and I'd wake up with moisturized, fresh skin. However, I'd wake up still feeling like there was a film over my skin and I didn't feel anymore moisturized than if I used a cheaper product. Overall, I like my Cetaphil better. I'm not that impressed."
This product broke my skin out and I have very strong skin.  I am unsure what happened but I got horrible acne.  My skin is not sensitive and I use other products without any issues.  So be cautious if you have sensitive skin when using this product.
"Since I had never used a tapered curling iron I realized this would take some getting used to. But, with visions of the perfect tapered curl in mind, I ordered the iron. However, after many attempts, watching many YouTube videos, and trying many more times, I eventually gave up on the curling iron.  One of my biggest let downs was how easy it is to burn your fingertips.  And since this curling iron didn't come with a heat-resistant glove, I either had burnt fingers or awful looking curls.  I will mention that my hair wasn't super long (shoulder length) and layered.  The different layers made it very difficult to curl without a clamp.Thinking that maybe the problem was me and not the curling iron, I gave it to a friend of mine who is a hair dresser.  Her comments was similar to mine...hard to use, curls weren't uniform, and easy to burn your fingertips. Sorry Conair, I tried."
"I had fun using this but it was too much work. Despite using Xen tan and waiting many minutes before going to bed after application, uneven color on my hands was very ugly! I'll stick to my palid skin in the summer, throw a bronzer on my face and call it a day."
"I picked up 183 Pine Tar Soaps (4.25 Ounces) at a going out of business sale. I thought I was getting a good deal.Turns out the Soap smells horrendous and caused me to gag and itch all over when I used it on my [blank]. I had to toss all of them out.If you are prone to skin allergies or aroma allergies, don't get this one."
"The picture is misleading. It depicts a nail polish bottle leaning neatly to one side, with plenty of room to insert and remove the bottle. In reality, my OPI bottles don't even fit. I have to fight with BOTH of these to get it in the holder, and even then it sits all wonky because the bottle has caused the base of this rubber holder to arch and it no longer sits flat. Dip your brush in and every time it feels like it's going to tip over. Skip this purchase."
"I bought this product, for a lot cheaper than the price on here at Sally's. I had high hopes for it, really I did. I read the instructions and tried it out. At first, its very difficult to get it to completely melt. I had to reheat it once or twice more to get it to a liquid consistency as recommended. I did what it said and the product didn't remove as much hair as I wanted or it purported itself to be able to. Plus, it seemed to remove a layer of skin along with it! It got stuck and wouldn't peel off and I thought baby oil or washing it off would work.. Big mistake. Those made it an even gooier mess, so do not try those things to remove it. Believe it or not, Goo Gone removed a little and it didn't hurt my skin as I thought it would (but I wouldn't recommend that to others). I will not try this again and am back to shaving. Schick, you've kept a customer."
"I had so much hope these would work in my clarisonic but alas they did not.  The vibration/fit of the OEM brushes were noticeable.  They are not cheaply made and 4 for the price point is awesome if they work for you, hence the two stars. Hopefully there will be some generic brushes manufactured that are parallel with the clarisonic brushes because I do feel they are overpriced. But I had to spend it to get the full benefits of my clarisonic that I love!"
"DO NOT BUY! SEEMS LIKE A BARGAIN....At first I loved this curling iron, it did its job. I've had it for 2 months and tried using it the past couple of days and it doesnt even heat up anymore. It usually heats up within 30-45 seconds, I've left it on for 10-15 minutes to see if it would heat up eventually, and it DID NOT! DO NOT BUY! Seems like a bargain at first, then it stops working."
"Doesn't help much with blemishes. It's pretty messy and hard to apply. I found it to be a little irritating to my skin, and it does sting if you apply to much which can be a problem given how difficult it is to put the right amount on a cotton ball then apply to your face. I would just recommend purchasing the cream version if you had to go with this brand. Not really worth the money and you only get a small amount."
"I found that it was hard to put on and fairly dry.  I was going to use it to fill in bald spots in my brows and that, too, was not to be.  I would not suggest this product."
"Okay I purchase this product on Feb 15, 2014 and it came in the mail Feb 20,2014. When I received this product it was the wrong product. The picture and description states Ardell Duo Eyelash Adhesive Dark Tone....waterproof. The item I received was striplash adhesive, so I contacted the seller and they told me that the image and description that I seen was of the old package. Well I looked at the package that I receive and it doesn't have on it: Ardell Duo Eyelash Adhesive Dark Tone.....waterproof.  I was looking to do eyelash extension I readed good reviews on people who bought this product. Maybe it will work on striplashes but it wont work for extension lashes. I am very disappointed and wont be purchasing from this seller again."
"I just got it today, and used it for the first time, and it is kinda dried up already. Im not sure if i got a defective one or maybe im doing something wrong. Another issue i have with it, is the tip is not as thick as i thought it would be. Its great for creating a wing/cat affect on your outter eye, but not drawing a thick line across the top of my lashes like i normally would do."
"I really gave this stuff a full try.  I used it as directed every day for a week and I gotta say, I'm not impressed.  I didn't notice anything at all with the first application, and nothing dramatic after 5 days.It has a very light sweet perfume scent, nothing strong, so on the plus side, it probably would not compete with perfume.  The real downside, however, was that it was not as moisturizing or smoothing as my current body lotion (&#34;Amazing Grace&#34; by Philosophy - makes my skin really smooth and moisturized all day long, and since I don't wear perfume, I love the smell)."
"I purchased this a few months ago because it was a great (price) deal and I wanted to get it for some of the teen girls I work with. Every time I gift something, I also get one for myself. I tested it and didn't even try to put it all over my face. It isn't powder, it's just hard. It also doesn't have a pleasant smell. I don't know if it's just the few I received, if they were old or what. I'm a little hesitant to re-purchase in store for this reason."
"I tried so hard to love this product !! My short, dry, stubby lashes led me to this product...It was a complete waste of time and effort. Lashes are not lengthened, nor fuller, nor conditioned. I used as directed and hoped to see even the slightest improvement to no avail. Save your money on this one and buy a luxury brand conditioning mascara instead !!"
"UPDATE 11-22:Since giving my feedback on the company/seller themselves I have since gotten refunded the total including shipping. They didn't ask I return it.Customer serves was very quick and efficient.Despite doing this, I'm still leaving my original review below.-----------First let me say so other customers know I got this wig through SureWells.Now that, that's been said....THE WIG SMELLED LIKE MOLD!!!!!!!! WTF!Never have I ever been so disgusted! Who keeps wigs in a moldy container or warehouse and then has the nerve so sell this s***!While I gave it 2 stars I only did so because it's very soft, doesn't tangle and is easy to brush. Those are the only reasons.As soon as I took it out of the bag I could smell the musk/mill-dew. I know this smell from my grandparents basement that I was in frequently as a child digging through things and the smell is not hard for me to place. And this was just unbelievable to find on a wig!Now, while the wig doesn't tangle easily, it had at least a fingers width of hair knotted (before I even took it out the bag) that I had to sit here for an hour and try and unknot it to the point that I then had to cut off the bits that I couldn't get unknotted. This was beyond ridiculous! I haven't even tried it on yet because the smell is too much.Speaking of the mold smell I have sprayed it with my Aussie stay in conditioner twice, but I fear I'm going to have to buy wig shampoo and wash it just to get the stench out! This wig comes from China and while it only cost me $13 bucks in total I'm not about to pay out of pocket just to ship it back. What a waste!"
"Am I the only one this soap does nothing for ? I've had acne for years and I've used this soap many times because it's such a popular anti bacterial soap but truth is, it's never helped my acne whatsoever. I gave it two stars because I don't think it makes my skin worse but it definitely doesn't make it better."
"As I mentioned with the other Zoya color, Regean, this color is nice, but it's not OPI!  They lack shine and consistency.  The product started out okay, but I found that the more I exposed the brush to the air, the polish started to thicken and clump.  It's added to the polish trash pile!"
"I was very happy with this until 2 days later the light stopped working. I checked several outlets to make sure a fuse wasn't blown or something weird, but it must have had fault wiring. I didn't like how the light switch was on the wire either, I would have preferred it to be easier to access like on the stand.I want to thank Amazon for promptly exchanging it for a different model: BE47BR. I have not had any issues with my new mirror."
"I received a long, skinny tube about half as big as what's described.  For the price, this was disappointing.  I find this makeup very glittery and can only use a small amount, but the tube is made so that quite a bit extra comes out each time you squeeze it.  Not something I'd purchase again."
I do not know if this is a genuine product or a dupe of it. It does not do anything it does say. It made my ends look browner than my normal hair color. I feel its harsh for your hair.
"I've never yet tried this on my wet hair, and it's a good thing: my stylist was vehemently against using this, or any other, wet-to-dry flat iron on wet hair, due to the severe damage she said these cause. She'd stated that manufacturers have tried selling these products over the past 5 or so years, and they've never taken off, for good reason: using these to pull on and stress wet hair (which she said is in its weakest possible state) causes serious damage to the hair shaft, as the hair, being in its most fragile state, can't take the heat and pulling without getting very damaged after repeated uses of wet-to-dry styling implements. She's a great stylist, and has done wonders with my hair over the years, so, paired with my just-average experiences with this flat iron on my hair dry, that was enough for me.Using it dry, it got my hair smooth and relatively straight, but it did nothing to fight the humidity that undid my efforts, and was really no more exceptional than anything else I've tried before. So, overall, for me, this Remington flat iron gets a ""meh"" for its effectiveness on my dry hair, and a resounding, ""heck no!"" on the simple consideration of using it on my wet hair. My stylist has never yet steered me wrong, and, since she's a professional that clearly knows what she's doing, I'm not about to ignore her strong warnings.Use on wet hair at your own risk!"
"What I received is not what I ordered. What I got are smaller, a different shape, all are yellow and they are flimsy. i want what i paid for"
"If I could give these too soft, flimsy brushes a negative rating I would, however the only good thing about this brush set is the eyebrow spooler that I use daily. That is the only brush. Please do not waste your time and hard earned money with these brushes, I bought this set and one from Coastal Scents and love the latter. These are cheaply made and too soft for any type of use, except for that one brush!"
"You can best describe my skin as ""congested."" I have acne every once in a while (mostly stress-related) and my skin is bumpy with congestion, especially on my chin and forehead.I think I've read every online review there is of this product! Since it's so expensive, I wanted to be sure. I'm a skincare junkie so I know my products. This is the best skincare product I have!I've been using the Clarisonic for a month now. Within the first week, I noticed my skin had a smoother feel to it. I could run my hand over it and not feel as many bumps or dry patches. Over the next few weeks, I had less congestion and acne (despite the stress!). I also have fair skin, which means it turns red with even the slightest bit of pressure. After each use, it is a bit red, but it doesn't last long. The way the brush works allows it to be highly effective while using a minimal amount of pressure.I use it twice a day with Bliss Clog-Dissolving Cleansing Milk. If you like your cleanser, then stick with it. The cleanser that comes with it is not good; it contains ingredients that will clog pores, which is disappointing considering the price of the Clarisonic package. I use the sensetive skin brush and use it as initially directed: 10 seconds on each cheek and 20 seconds on the forehead, nose and chin. I also use it on my neck where a lot of my congestion occurs. I'll mention that all the beeps and timers take some getting used to; I set mine to the 2-minute setting.My facial products (moisturizer, toner, makeup) all absorb much better, allowing me to use less of the product. My toner especially feels like it's being absorbed deeper into my skin.If you have acne, I would be very careful about how you use the brush, especially if you have pustular or cystic acne. You'd be essentially spreading the bacteria around on your face if you weren't using an antibacterial face wash. Just to be safe, I use a toner with a fair amount of alcohol in it, concentrating on any acne I might have. Washing the brush with a mild, antibacterial soap afterwards is also a good idea.I can't recommend this product enough! It has changed my skincare regimine forever! The price is high, but I don't spend as much money on facials or peels anymore. My esthetician doesn't have to do as much pore extraction either. She was the one who first told me about the Clarisonic and recommends it to her clients.Lastly, a lot of my (skeptical) friends wonder how good this is. The brush is made by the same people who made the Sonicare toothbrush. I also have a Sonicare toothbrush, and the sonic technology is what makes all the difference. This is NOT just gimmic. Five stars!!UPDATE 11/8/2011 :As much as I like this brush, I can't deny that using a brush on your face distributes bacteria around your face, plain and simple. If you're an acne sufferer, I'd highly recommend something else."
"This is a fact:  It is illegal for anyone other than the real M.A.C. to sell their cosmetics. Buyer, know that there are many M.A.C. knock offs just as Louis Vouitton has numerous Knock Offs. Do yourself a favor and purchase permanent MAC items at the store so that you know you're getting the real deal. Limited edition stuff, you may have to buy it on here, but , it is illegal for the seller to sell it. Just know that. Call MAC at their number on their website and check to see if they have an amazon account before buying your products. Chances are, they don't. I'm not saying that all the makeup on amazon is counterfeit, but, I know for a fact that some of it is. This review is not of any one product or company selling on here. If you are legit, than this cautionary statement shouldn't bother you. Unless, you're dishonest and are ripping people off."
"It really didn't work, I didn't see any changes and I used it multiply times as suggested yet the spot on my leg looked the same."
It was a little effective but not near as much so as the plain Vitamin C for half the price I bought from the same company.
"I guess I'm in the minority here but I did not like this spray gel at all! I'm sure that Aquage is a good company with great products but sorry guys, your spray gel smelled funny and it left a really bad coating on my hair. I couldn't do a thing with it after I sprayed it on my damp hair. I'll stick to my Nick Chavez Plump N' Thick Spray Gel! They looked pretty much the same (blue colour and some of the same ingredients) but that is where the similarity ended. When you find something you like, stick with it...lesson learned..."
"I really like how this blow dryer works, however it quit on me not to long after I had itThe company said they should replace it if I sent it back, why should I have to pack it upand pay for shipping when their product quit on me. Very dissapointing"
"This doesn't work at all not to mention its a fake copy of the salon express from China. Not even the packaging is real, it's a photocopy! Don't waste your money"
This arrived completely broken. It was all powder.  The box itself wasn't sealed and the compact was scratched and part of the image was rubbed off.  I think it was broken before they mailed it and it just got mixed up in the mail.  I was really looking forward to this product. Thanks amazon!
"My instructions were actually in english, unlike the reports i read from other reviewers. They seemed straightforward enough. I set up the device and added the water as instructed. It lit up and made some noise, but no nice mist of humidification came out. I thought maybe it needed a minute to get going. Hours later, still nothing. And the water level hadn't gone down at all. Holding my hand up to the outlet i couldn't feel any moisture. Maybe mine was just defective, but i just sent mine back. I got a full refund without a hassle at least."
"I was happy to get a good product for a good price, but I was proved wrong again, it's just another example that what you pay it's what you get...I paid cheap I got cheap... don't buy it! Save your money until you have enough to buy a good thing for a fair price... mean while, I'l save your time not telling you about my awful experience with that thing..."
"The ends of my hair were dry, but soft and did not have split ends.  I thought this would help but after using it the ends of my hair looked fried and I had split ends, I read the ingredients and saw that it had alcohol in it, no wonder."
Bought this because of a write up in some magazine and how perfect the colour is for your eyes and how easy it is to go on blah blah blah.  It lived up to NONE of my expectations.  I get cheaper and better pencils from the Jordanna line.
I got a poppy pink cutter. Not what the pictures shows. False advertisement .. Not good . Will not be ordering again
"After seeing all the hype I was so excited to try Wen. Boy I was I let down. I tried both the tea tree and lavender. Using them for a couple months each. My entire experience lasted 6 months or so.My hair is to the middle of my back. It is pretty kinky and I sometimes straighten it. I picked the green tea to try because the lavender had left a bit of buildup on my scalp. I know tea tree was used for dandruff so I thought it may help.I did get a little tingle on my scalp when I used it, but my scalp still had some crud on it, and it left my hair super greasy and heavy. Generally I wash my hair once or twice a week, but I had to start doing it everyday when I used Wen."
"I am not impressed, I bought it because of the good reviews, but it is far from what I red about it.It does not do anything to my face. I feel better when I put water than this product."
"My model for a shampoo product I enjoy is something like this:- has little to no scent- is 2 in 1 (shampoo & conditioner)- leaves my hair feeling soft and healthyMotions meets two of my three criteria, but the scent is just too strong for me. I'd even go as far as saying it gives me a headache. It's like a men's cologne that I'd never consider wearing.Scent aside, it lathers well and my hair feels pretty good."
"With my friend, who also used it, we came to the conclusion that this is not for oily hair. it is for stinky hair. The smell is so strong, so it gives you a fake impression of freshness and hides bad smell if you do have one, but it doesn't make your hair look clean or dry. It was silly of us to expect more out of 3 dollars."
"this highlight adds shimmer which im not a big fan of, and the contour is pretty dark so have a light hand while applying."
You cant even smell the lavender.Very thin and it does not even suds up.Don't waste your money.Buy Bath and Body instead
"I purchased this and immediately knew it was fake!I've used this product before and have gone through 2 tubes. The consistency i got was thick, heavy, and never absorbed. The color never adjusted and stayed pale on my skin, i looked like a ghost.Whenever buying foreign products, be sure to double check which buyer it comes from or you might risk getting an expired or fake product!Amazon: please do a better job on the sale of counterfeit goods"
"Amazon should not allow this product to be advertised as sulfate free, and I wish I knew whom to contact require the company to stop advertising it as such right on the bottle.Anionic Surfactants Anionic refers to the negative charge these surfactants have. They may be contaminated with nitrosamines, which are carcinogenic. Surfactants can pose serious health threats. They are used in car washes, as garage floor cleaners and engine degreasers - and in 90% of personal-care products that foam. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS)  Sodium Laureth Sulfate (SLES)  Ammonium Lauryl Sulfate (ALS)  Ammonium Laureth Sulfate (ALES)  Sodium Methyl Cocoyl Taurate  Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate  Sodium Cocoyl Sarcosinate  Potassium Coco Hydrolysed Collagen  TEA (Triethanolamine) Lauryl Sulfate  TEA (Triethanolamine) Laureth Sulfate  Lauryl or Cocoyl Sarcosine  Disodium Oleamide Sulfosuccinate  Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate  Disodium Dioctyl Sulfosuccinate etc"
I thought I was ordering a block of Coco Butter. I got little tablets of Coco Butter. This is not good for grating into beauty products.
"I found this product to be to much glitter and I returned it for credit.  The seller was kind enough to accept.  If you like glitter purchase, but for me it was too much!"
I tried this shampoo with the hopes of it would get rid of the yellow in my hair.  But instead I got purple hair.  I have thick silver hair and left it on the appropriate time and the underneath of my hair turned purple.  I stopped using it and used a regular shampoo for over a month and still had purple hair.  I went to my hairdresser and he tried clarifing shampoo and it took some of it off but not all.  So here I am a 60 year old woman with purple hair.
"I don't really know if this product works or not.  I can not get past the smell.  If I had known it was so smelly I would never have purchased it.  I tried several times, trying to get use to the odor, but I could not.  I don't like it and will never use it again."
"I don't know IF is this website is acting up OR aol??.just can't finish my post??? ALL I KNOW IS..I just tried to answere to all of you that posted me nor, get through with my messages back to you???.....Very strange to say the least!!..????"
"I used the Healthy Look creme gloss light beige brown because I wanted a lighter shade. It said it would work on darker brown and highlighted hair. I had blonde highlights throughout my hair that I thought would at least remain a few shades lighter than the rest of my dyed hair giving it some dimension. Boy could I not have been more wrong. My entire head is a dark dark brown almost black.Thanks a lot L'Oreal not exactly what I was looking for. I was so disappointed with the results. I have two more boxes of this color and I have no idea what I'm going to do with them.Did it cover my gray, yes. Is my hair soft, yes. Is it light beige, heck no. I normally use Natural Instincts because it takes 10 minutes and I love the 10 minute hair dyes (normally). I've never had an issue with the Natural Instincts not coming out the color they state. I'll more than likely be sticking with them from now on.Also, I know someone else mentioned a bad smell. I had the same issue. The creme rinse that was given has a horrible smell. I also had to keep my hair up to get it away from my face the smell was so strong even after drying."
"I've tried a number of RoC products, and a lot of them have very weird, strong scent to it, like herbal medicine or something sort. This one also has strong smell, so I didn't enjoy putting it on my face. In terms of the result, it did not achieve any of the things that are advertised/promised. No improvement in skin tone/firming or reducing wrinkles. Rather, it was too harsh on the skin and it caused my cheek to turn red with irritation and neck skin to peel off...I stopped using after a number of tries. I've stopped using all RoC products, and now I am using Olay products. I strongly suggest using any product from Olay Total Effects or Regenerist lines. They are less expensive, gentle, and effective."
"My hair and scalp get very dry in the winter so I was excited to try this product for review.  I am Caucasian, and have used products for people who are not in the past and they have worked wonders.  Not this one.I put in a small amount and have now washed my hair 4 times and it still looks greasy.  It is very shiny, but the greasiness is just gross.I would not ever buy this product but would recommend it for those of different ethnicity.There are no directions on the container, I wasn't sure if I should put it on wet or dry hair, leave in, rinse out, etc.  I went for putting it in wet hair and rinsing, which obviously still caused problems for me.On a good note, this product has a wonderful scent!"
"I know this is supposed to be for sensitive skin, and perhaps it's just that my skin has gotten picky over the years of only wearing Clinique products, but this really didn't work for me.When it arrived my Vine sticker was placed firmly over the ingredients - after much peeling and prodding and hot water I was able to only gunk up the ingredient list.  So I really can't speak to what is in the bottle.  I can say that I liked the pump, though I always feel like I'm missing the last little gobs in the bottom when I have a pump I can't remove.The product appears to me to be more of a primer to be used prior to adding your foundation to ""fill in"" fine lines.  I don't see anything that would imply to me that it has any power to erase or lessen the fine lines any more then a basic moisturizer.  So basically this is just to fill in the lines before adding makeup.  The odor was strange, not bad, but certainly not attractive.  The consistancy was thick and it rubbed in rather well.The problem I encountered was an almost immediate breakout.  I won't be using it again because of this."
"If you like the look of clumps all over your eyelashes then you may like this product.  I hate having to wipe most of the mascara off of the wand before applying it to my lashes to avoid the clumps.It is definitely water-proof and does not dry out and flake off as the day wears on.The brush is so large around, that it makes it difficult to cover your lower lashes without getting it all over the skin around your eyes.It DOES thicken your lashes, NOT 15 times as advertised - then again the language used in the add says ""Fast charging volume that gives 15 times the impact on lashes"" and what does that really mean?  As I said  the thickening is at the expense of clumps.  It does not lengthen, but then it doesn't claim to -I just thought I would throw that in so there are no misunderstandings."
"When this was shipped, most of the bottles leaked out and the box was a mess.  The smell is too perfumely.  Not as described."
"Saw little or no results. Not worth it. Better products available that do work!  Don't believe there is enough Alpha Hydroxy to do much, but I do not have sensitive skin."
"I was so disappointed by this brush set. I love my Shany Neutral Eye Palette and I thought the brushes would be a perfect companion, and I received this set as a gift when I requested Shany brushes. They appeared to work well at first, but I started to wonder if the eye palette just wasn't good quality. I checked reviews on the palette that gushed about the pigmentation and began to get confused as to why I wasn't getting the same results when I did my makeup. On a hunch, I grabbed one of my ultra-cheap synthetic brushes and used that instead. Wow--the palette was great! The issue was these brushes! I have to use a LOT of eyeshadow to get ANY pigment on my eyes whatsoever because the fibers soak up all of the color. On top of that, the brushes shed all over my face, even though I have barely cleaned them. The shedding is getting worse, instead of better, and I have stopped using most. The eyeshadow brushes have lost their shape, even though I take extremely good care of my products, and at least one face brush has come loose in the handle and knocks about when I use it.It's just so disappointing--I had such high hopes for this brush set, and it not only doesn't work well, the quality appears to be less than stellar. I feel bad saying it, since I absolutely love the palette, but the brushes aren't good at all. I have waited several months to post this review, hoping that my first impressions of the set being nice would eventually come true, but the set just keeps degrading, and I have to advise against getting this set of brushes."
my hair is light blonde and used the 91/2 lightest blonde.  my hair is now dark blonde and so dry i am going to have to go to the salon for treatments.  my hair is ruined
that's a ridiculous price for one scrunchie. especially when you can get 5 in Walmart for a little over 2 bucks. I understand its satin and all but doesn't mean you get to rip people off. Could be the knock-off satin which is not even that expensive. Anyways on to the next one.
"I usually only review a product and never the shipping, packaging, non-relevant details however I'd like to let other buyers know that when I searched for the Coppola Color Care Complex Shampoo and Conditioner, this product came up first in the search on Prime.  I made the mistake of purchasing it and only after I ran out of my current supply, realized it wasn't the same.  Amazon promptly made things right - great service.HOWEVER, they've now changed the product entirely. Search on Coppola, this item comes up.The description at the top reads: Sodium Chloride Free and Sulfate FreeThe ingredient list: 2nd and 5th listed ingredient: Ammonium Lauryl SulfateHow dishonest!"
"My wife was using this shampoo in the hope that it would help in a couple areas. Those would be:*Tame the frizzy-ness that is rampant due to the humid southern air.*Maintain her natural, though moderate, curls (Ok, that one was just for me as I am a sucker for curly hair.)In the end these are her comments:*dry hair  - She felt like the shampoo was stripping out all the natural oils from her hair.  In fact opposite to the opinion of another reviewer.*very fragrant - extremely pungent, the shampoo reminded me of the old Helene Curtis Salon Selectives line.If a product just isn't right it's time to move on and my wife has leaving this bottle about half full (I suppose she thought its worth this many stars because she's used worse).  So the search continues for that perfect shampoo."
"and it's just a weird color that is not coral, not salmon - it looks like a faded baby pinkish orange red. plus it is a creme so if it had some shimmer then it might be nicer. I will use this as a base for some glitter polishes."
"I was pleased as this was sulfur soap which helps with my acne, but this particular brand has a very pungent fragrance. Since this is advertised as an acne treatment, and most acne people have skin and allergy problems to start with, the fragrance is totally unnecessary."
Didn't enjoy this curling wand. It works but I dont like that there is no traditional clip on it to hold the ends of your hair. If you misplace or lose the glove your probably gonna burn your fingers. Just my opinion but..... no thank you on this one.
Been using all sorts of hair color for 20 years and this dried my hair out and the color faded quickly to a greenish color.  Not attractive at all.
"I would spend more for sharper, better quality shears. The rubber in the handle keeps popping out and I just have a feeling that these aren't sharp enough and dull quickly. You get what you pay for, but I am just snipping split ends here and there."
"My biggest complaint about this product is that the bottle makes it very hard to dispense the product after a while.The slightly crescent-shaped design of the bottle makes it hard to squeeze it anywhere but the middle, since the middle part is the softest area. So when you squeeze it in the middle, you end up expelling the air out of the bottle, and then after a while without any air in the bottle, it becomes impossible to get the rest out. Having to handle a slippery, wet bottle in the shower makes it even more difficult to exert enough force to squeeze the conditioner out.This starts to be a big problem about halfway through the bottle.The consistency of the conditioner, in my opinion, isn't creamy enough. It leaves my hair feel ""squeaky"" and dry. The smell is blah and boring, too. It smells exactly like circa-late 90s Herbal Essences."
"It's expensive and I never saw a difference in my hair.  In fact, my hair is flat, but it is prob because of the conditioner weighing it down since you're normally supposed to condition ends and not the scalp.  Wouldn't recommend.  After reading the reviews - I am not sure if it is the real thing or a knock-off."
"Got this with two other products which just came loose in a big box, first time for that. And when i pulled it out i noticed the end of the lipstick had been smooshed up against the top pof the plastic clear lid. it has a wrapped on it which doesnt allow you to twist it up and down until being removed so im not sure how this has happened unless it was opened previously. the sides of the clear plastic top are also marks with the color. and there are big grooves in the actually lipstick like the tip has fallen off a few times and they pushed it together  and resealed it. I managed to get pictures without opening it and im going to try and return it. Ill update on how easy that process goes. Total bummer. I didnt pay almost ten bucks for broken, squooshed, potentially already used lipstick :("
"So I ordered two of these Formula 2 PLUS, .25 oz bottles.  I chose SleekHair as my choice to get the product.  I think Amazon wasn't selling it Prime or something, I forget why.  Anyway, here's my experience...Took a little over a week to get.  I got the Formula 2 bottles instead, not the Formula 2 PLUS, and the wrong amount - 1/8 fl oz instead of 1/4 fl oz.  Contacted the seller, they said they were sending out 2 new bottles.Another week or so goes by.  I get the new box.  Open it.  Same FORMULA with a UPS label to send back the 1/4 ounce bottles of the same crap.  So they sent me the 1/4 ounce bottles of the wrong formula anyway so I'm in the same boat.  Still didn't get the product I ordered.  And yes, there is a difference.  It says so RIGHT ON THE BOX.  So I contact them again.Their answer?  They are very sorry but they don't sell the Formula 2 PLUS bottles but feel free to send them all back.  What?I specifically waited three days before writing this review.  They are still listed as one of the sellers of this product even though they don't have this product to sell.BUY FROM SOMEONE OTHER THAN SLEEK HAIR, they don't sell this product and will give you the same run around."
"The only good thing I noticed about this product was A little illumination around the eye area but that was it, and it was temporary.It didn't work, in fact it did the opposite...This is a thick beige liquid concealer type of product that comes out of a tube/brush and when you put it on you have to rub it in. I noticed the first time and second time I used it it gave a little ""glistening"" type of look, brightening shall i say, above the eye, but that was it.Used this product for a week and a half, maybe more, missed a couple days in between but the ironic thing is, before I started using it I didn't really have any noticable dark circles or anything big then yesterday I wake up and have huge dark circles under my eyes, after I have been using the product. Isn't this suppose to work for dark circles? If so why am I all of a sudden waking up with dark circles under my eyes if it works at all?That proves it only is a concealer...As far as moisturizing it made the area around the eye feel kind of dry.You can just go buy a dollar or two dollar tube of stick concealer at the store and it would work better than this probably.I know many who swear by Olay but this didn't convince me. Go to the local store and pick up something for a dollar it would work better even."
I had high hopes for his product.  I was disappointed.  I used this product exactly as directed as saw noticeable difference in my hair.  I used this when my hair was just a little oily and never saw the oiliness dissipate.  This spray left my hair feeling and looking exactly the same as before I applied it. There was no extra volume.  I also did not like the smell at all.  I think I will stick to the dry product in between shampoos.
"The wig does not look like it does as pictured online. When I complained and tried to return it for a refund, the seller would not refund my money. They were only willing to replace the item. At this point, I was so irritated that I ended up just selling the silly thing."
I don't feel it has done anything for my eyes and the dispenser is HORRIBLE! You cannot control the large amount that squirts out.....not a good product design at all.
I was an avid user of Coppola's Keratin Smoothing Treatment until I read that it too has a large amount if formaldehyde.  Now I don't intend to repurchase but while I was using the product it made my relaxed hair perfect.  I'm so unhappy that the product is so unsafe.  I'm going tho miss it to be honest.
"I used this product for many years, and have loved the ease, how well it removed my mascara, and the price.  When my Costco stock of this finally was used up, I made sure to replace with the same brand.  They must have changed the formula because these pads are very dry, and even if slightly moist at first...they dry out very quickly.  (Again, I used these for a ve-ry long time, there is no comparison with the quality of the older ones to this one. ) I am very disappointed and would not buy again."
"EW!! GET IT OFF! GET IT OFF!I was unable to take home samples of the Philosophy products, and let the SA talk me into the $30 set of cleanser/retinol/moisturizer.I had high hopes for Hope in a Jar. But my gawd does this reek! As I'm sitting here typing this review, the occasional whiff of this craptacular moisturizer makes me sorry I didn't wash it off first.This doesn't have any kind of moisturizing feel or glide, it's like I rubbed liquid candles on my face. Stinky liquid candles. My skin feels tight, like there is a mask on it. A mask made out of the same stinky stink of the candles! My face feels very annoyed and irritated, to match the mood this smell is putting me in.If you can get a sample of it first, I'd recommend that. Or at least buy from a vendor with a generous return policy in case it doesn't work for you."
"Dries your skin out! No hydration and if you have mature, dry or very dry skin, this is not the cleanser for you!"
"I have experienced mixed feeling with this foundation.The first time I got over a year ago my face broke out entirely. It was a disaster, no other makeup in my life made me break out like this foundation. I stopped using it, then tried again 6 months later...at that point my face did not break out but it was itching all the time. once I cleaned my face the itch was gone. So I tossed the foundation away. I switched to mineral powder foundation by Gabriel Cosmetics and his Zuzu Luxe line. I LOVED it! NO itch, no break out, silky smooth foundation and excellent coverage. I ran out and wanted to give this foundation ONE more shot so I ordered the start up kit... This time with moisturized and primed face I felt like my other foundations were much better than this one! My face did not itch or break out but there was NO coverage after the first application. I decided to build it up with one more layer and the face started to look totally cakey... Mind you, I use kabuki, buff the product so I know how to apply mineral foundation. Honestly I was yet again disappointed. I will stick to Gabriel Cosmetics powder foundation for as long as they make it. I tried to really like Bare Minerals and their flashy price tags but 3 times did not do it for me."
"I used this product for more than 2 weeks, I do not see the result as most of 5 stars review claim.  There is no wrinkles reduction I can see.  For the price, it is not too bad.  But I will not order it again."
"This product seems to be working okay, but the price is double what you can find at walgreens.  I will shop for it there from now on.  And in the heat I think it killed at the benefits of this product with the long delivery to me."
"The product is good, however I bought 2 bottles, one will not stop leaking, and the other the brush fell in the minute I went to use it for the first time.  Good product otherwise, just be careful when you open it for the first time to make sure that the brush is secure."
I bought this product a month ago and I'm not happy with it at all.  It doesn't keep my hands or feet moisturized at all.  I have to re-apply the lotion every 5 to 10 minutes and most of the time my hands feel like I haven't put on lotion on them at all. The only benefit is it smells good but It's not worth the money at all.  I will have to look for another hand lotion.
This color is not what it looks like in person compared to the picture online. It is still pretty but not what I was expecting at all. Very light and plain glitter. Not colored glitter.
"I bought this product back in November of last year, so I decide to use it today  for the very first time, and I was so disappointedthis mess beaded up like crumbs...so I dipped again in the  acrylic liquid to make should that I was not doing something wrong,but guest what, the same thing happen again, and it was like `rubber it didn't get hard at all . THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!!  good I had backup. And if I could give them a zero than I would, because that is how bad this stuff is.  You ask why am I just using this product, well you see, a friend bought me over $300.00 worth of difference products for my nails so that is why I am just getting to this one... I decide I wanted to wear pink and white nails for church Sunday, but I had to use my regular white tip and I put some blue gem stones on them they are beautiful. I wish I could add an attachment for you to see them. I save so much money by doing my nails myself, so I don't need bad PRODUCT. Thank you. Hope this help you on buying this product. Oh yeah I forgot all the junk products have difference names on them I didn't know that until today. I wish I could send this mess back.I pray I don't have any problems with my other products."
I bought this d/t all the recommendations I have seen by celebrities in a couple of magazines I subscribe to.  It's greasy and has NO smell. If it does its of virgin olive oil. Too oily for me.  Not at all worth the price!
"I agree that the &#34;idea&#34; of these &#34;bun makers&#34; sounds great BUT the product itself is not even remotely good. I have a full head of long, fine hair and this product is a total fail for me.  Impossible to roll, impossible to cinch and impossible to get the band around the bun. When trying to remove it from my hair, I had a tangled knotty mess because the tiny little teeth on roller grabbed and pulled and yanked hair. Awful!!!"
"This lotion smells like rotten yogurt, every time I apply it to my skin I feel like vomiting.  I don't know how well this product works but I can't get passed it's repulsive smell."
"my babyliss has a gap in the straightening plates toward the switch and when straightening my hair, it pulls and snags and really hurts.  the top plates touch together but again it doesn't make a flat even contact.  i am able to straighten my hair all at once because i have fine hair but i truly expected more from a product that's recommended by stylists comparable to the One Pass.  ow, ow, ow, ow, i dislike this product a great deal."
"I bought this version along with the Blue, I like the Blue's refreshing scent, although it is weak and wears off quickly.  I like the price point I bought this cologne at along with the quantity (3.4 oz), and I like the design of the bottle, it looks almost flask like.  The Metal has a distinct scent that to me, is appealing.  I do need to apply a little more than other colognes because it is not as strong, yet the scent will linger (for what I found) maybe 30 minutes?.  Due to the duration that this cologne lasts, I do not use it when going out but rather as an everyday use such as school or work.  I use this after a shower and feel refreshed.  The scent is amazing, but the price was cheap, but the lasting scent is not long at all, almost like water."
"This perfume oil is a little nauseating to me. It is very strong and I had to wash my wrist several times to remove it from my skin. It was an inexpensive experiment, but it didn't remotely smell like rose, just musky and heavy cloying floral. I may add it to the mopping water and see if it is more tolerable when it's not on my skin."
"I used oil in mine and it leaked so I don't think I'd want to chance putting acetone in it to soak off false nails. Also, even though it leaked, it also left blue dents where it went around my fingers, which I would say was an indication of cutting off circulation. I could not recommend this."
Wasn't impressed. Didn't do much at all and remained very oily. It never really soaked in. I ended up throwing the tub away.
"The directions on the bottle is very short ""apply to hair"" ok so when do I apply? I tried it on towel dried hair I tried it after I styled. Did not like it either way :( I have thin hair so could be because of my hair type"
"Its a horrible color unless you use it for halloween than don't bother. The shipping was fairly fast not great, not bad either. Its going to sit on my shelf or maybe give it to a teenager who might like it, but its not for adults thats for sure. My mistake not the seller."
"Proactive is touted as being the #1 acne solution out there. It's pricey by itself and then add S&H--ouch;! Worse, you get stuck in a revolving door of automatic re-order and their customer service sucks. Don't be conned by the magazine endorsements or the glossy commercials with famous personalities and 'every day' customers.From my experience and friends who've tried it as well, this product only works on light acne, but then, it doesn't even completely clear your skin, and while it is gentle and keeps your skin soft, if you stop using it and then start using it later on, your skin may react badly to it. Or it does nothing at all or it works for a couple of weeks then your acne comes back with a vengeance. It makes me think they altered the formula or concentrations, and you just don't know if you're buying the real thing or a diluted form and just buying the name and reputation of the product. I used this as a teen and in my early twenties and while it cleared some of my acne, it never cleared it fully but I got it because it was gentle on my skin--something that, at that time, most products weren't because they contained alcohol or some other strong astringent. These days, a lot of OTC and AFFORDABLE products exist, like the NEUTROGENA ACNE STRESS CONTROL line of acne products, which I've been using since quitting Proactive, and it works sooooo much better on my skin than Proactive ever did. Maybe age has something to do with it or I've outgrown a stage of acne or the product itself has changed throughout the years, but Proactiv has never been a cure all, folks.This whole pain the neck and infuriating ordeal happened when I was stupid enough to get lured by the travel sized version being advertised on TV for $19.99 a couple of months ago, and mostly to get the dark spot remover, which was free with the order. Free--yeah, right. I gave the travel size, which is tiny, to someone else and it only lasts for a month or less. Keep in mind that if you order directly (and not like here where it's third party), you'll get enrolled in automatic re-delivery with no way to opt out and they charge your CC without notifying you they're about to charge your card. You can't delete your card info on your account and more often than not, when you try to change the frequency, the system doesn't save it (how convenient) when it tells you that it did, and when you try to send an email through you account, that doesn't usually work either because the security element to verify you are you never lets you through; and if, by some luck you are able to send an email via your account, more often than not it 'appears' to go through but then when you call them up to ask why you haven't received a response--they tell you no email was sent. And then you tell the CS person that you don't want the product, that you want your refund, to cancel your account, they give you the BS run around and try to get you to buy other products! They sent me a box of the stuff when I'd asked them to delete my account, then told me it was too late to rescind the order and that when it came, I'd have to send it back and get refunded--but I'd still have to pay for the S&H; even though IT WAS THEIR FAULT! They tell you it'll take 6 or more weeks to get the refund even if you return it the day it arrives, which I did. WTF? After over a month and constant calling, I finally got my refund but not the full amount and they've been email bombing my address and email account with new products I should try even though I asked them 3 times to take me off their mailing lists. UGH. The fact that they even gave me a refund is a miracle, which is soooo not right! I just wish I'd never heard of this horrible product and company.Try Proactive if you truly believe nothing exists out there for your acne woes, have the bucks to pay for it and don't buy directly from the company, but BUYER BEWARE! My advice, go to your local store and shop around--you may save some money and you might just find a set of products that work just as, or even more effectively, than Proactiv."
"This stuff is terrible.  I used it for a while, and didn't notice any difference.  It cost a lot too."
Dont buy from them they will sell you the wrong thing and then not give you a refund even though there store page says they do!!!! Order from CosmeticMall or somewhere else instead!!!!!
"Took forever to dryI had the light and I wasted literally 3 hours on my nails and then when I went to bed, woke up with everything sticking to my nails. Looked disgusting. Returned"
This is nice and light. I use it on uber hot humid days. But when I'm in Colorado in the winter - this is just not enough. Will switch to something with more emollients.
"For having a bunch of promises about how well it'll work, this bottle is only about a two-week supply, and it makes no difference in anything--sweat, breath, etc. Save your money and just use perfume and lots of soap and mints!"
"This product is garbage. I tried to work with it, it was runny, messy, did not blend and did not solve the redness problem. No matter how much foundation I put on or how thin was the layer of this product, I would still be green! Also, I didn't feel like it grabbed to my foundation. I never disapproved a product as I disapprove this one.Waste of money. BIG waste of money. Again this product is garbage, and it belong to my trash bin."
"I am having a hard time trying to figure out how something so greasy could leavemy hair DRY and FRIZZY. I have 4C natural hair. When I first received the product,I was in the middle of a twist out and used it to ""revive"" it, well it didn't work well so I thought it was maybe because of the other products that were already in my hair. So I washed it and started over.It left my hair DRY and FRIZZY AGAIN, I tried using it to twist my hair, the twistslooked like they were moisturized, but they were still greasy when I took them down and there wasn't a curl to be found. So, since some products I use can be used in other ways, I thought that I would use it as a deep conditioner. (trying to keep from actually throwing away a product) Well I put it on my hair wrapped in saran wrap when I took the wrap off...my hair was DRY..the product was actually sitting on top of my hair.Very disappointed with Motions..I was looking forward to it working, especially withthe reasonalble price...sorry it didn't work for me."
"It's cheap, but the brush top fell off the wooden holder literally in two days, but the brush tips was great for designs, but too cheap"
"First I would like to say that I am an avid Carol's daughter purchaser. I currently have and LOVE the hair milk line, the Monoi line (to include the newly released Monoi serum), the 1-2-3 transitioning kit, the Olive oil infusion kit, the healthy hair butter, the marguerite's magic hair dress, the hair balm, Lisa's hair elixir, the rosemary mint shampoo and conditioner, the black vanilla smoothie, the honey hair mimosa , the macadamia line (smoother, thermal serum & gloss spray)  and I intend on purchasing the two newly released Lisa's elixir fortifying hair scalp spray/restoring oil; HOWEVER, I will NEVER, EVER purchase the black vanilla spray leave in unless there are some changes! NOTE: I do not 'need' all of these products to maintain my mane;  I am simply a self-proclaimed product junkie! I read through all the reviews on the Carol's daughter website and there were definitely a lot of mixed reviews but being the loyal Carol's daughter fan that I am, I still wanted to experience this product for my self. I currently have fully natural 4a/b textured hair, I also used CDs products during my 1 year and 1 month transition; all of her products have done me justice except this one. The black vanilla leave in claims to provide your hair with shine, easier detangling and softness of which none of these happened for me. It smelled wonderful with the initial application and even that didn't linger for any amount of time, my hair felt  dry and there wasn't any shine, so you can imagine my disappointment. &#128547;  In an attempt to salvage this product I have mixed it with other watery or creamy leave-ins that I know WORK for me in order to use it up. I WILL NOT be purchasing this product again UNLESS the formula is revamped to add MORE moisturizing, shine enhancing ingredients. I was hoping to keep my shampoos, conditioners, moisturizers, leave ins, hair butters and oils all within the same brand family BUT because of the poor performance of this item I will continue to use Nexxus Humectress spray leave in which FOLLOWS through on all of the claims that this one promised. I will be posting this review BOTH on Amazon and the Carol's daughter website. It may work for other textures but definitely serves no benefit to my coarse, kinky, coily 4a/b texture. The only reason I'm giving this product 1 &#11088;is because of the vanilla scent which dissipates SOON after applying."
I had no control with the tip. It seemed too long. It kind of made my eyes itch after a while I just ended up scratching my eye so badly and having it rub off. Not worth the price.
"This brush is very large which makes it difficult to apply blush only where you want it.  I ordered it because reviews said it did not shed, also it is called a &#34;blush brush&#34;.  It's too large to be a blush brush and I wouldn't know about the shedding, because after using it twice and being dissatisfied with the lack of control it gives, due to it's large size, I tucked it away.  Maybe I will find a use for it someday, but for now, I'm not using it at all and cannot recommend it to others."
I have only used it twice in the past year. When I used it it did nothing for my hair and also there was black stuff coming out in my hair.  I think it was melted plastic...
"I've been using Manic Panic since I discovered it's not as thick and 'toothpastey' as other semi-permanent dyes. The texture is closer to a thick conditioner, and I like how it doesn't take as long to rinse out.It froths up, and the color seems to sink right into your hair....or at least it did.I tried this new color, and boy am I disappointed! It has the same thick, pasty, toothpaste-like consistency of other semi-permanent colors, like Raw and Special Effects. Not the smooth, creamy consistency I'm used to. It also has the same tendency to stain everything instantly, while dying and washing out. My skin looks like the blueberry kid from Willy Wonka. Also, it didn't go in smooth and creamy like I'm used to from Manic Panic, and it dried out my hair.Normally, when I use MP, my hair ends up softer, not more brittle. Disappointed in the new color, I went back to my Shocking Blue.Normally when I buy Manic Panic, it has a plastic seal on the outside as well as a foam seal on the inside of the cap. However, the new ones are missing this, and even my old tried and true Shocking Blue had the same gross texture as the new Rockabilly Blue I just tried. Thick, more dry, and pasty. Plus, the color was several shades darker than I was used to, and didn't 'foam' like it normally does when you comb it through. It also left my hair more brittle, and washed out to a gross gray almost immediately.I bought it from two different stores, which leaves me to believe MP changed their formula to make it more like their competitor's. Which is a disappointment. If I wanted Raw, I'd buy Raw.I hope if they did change something, they'll change it back to what I'm used to :(As for the Rockabilly Blue specifically, because of the dryer texture, it grabbed in spots. It was harder to comb through, and so took unevenly. The color is strong even on my highlighted black hair.4 stars for color, 1 star for texture."
This product did not allow Bare Minerals face powder to sit on top without falling into expression lines on the face.
"I was not as impressed with this powder as some reviewers were.  I have a light, olive skin tone and this does nothing for it.  Some reviewers mentioned that it made them look airbrushed or softer but it actually does the opposite for me.  It makes me look sallow and AWFUL in pictures.  I wore this to my sisters engagement party and was MORTIFIED when I saw the pics."
I really really love this color and I want to love the nail polish itself but I can't. It took 7 coats and still didn't look very good. Extremely thin and watery.
"there are all these items, dont worry, you get it all... but you dont get as much as it shows... all the decorations are practically all mixed up and there really arent much in them.... the glue doesnt work well and one of the containers for the decorations was way oversized with literally 10 of each decoration... -_- buy it somewhere else and get what you pay for."
"I have very thick, long, curly hair (big, loose curls, not like afro type curls) that tends to get frizzy, but otherwise has a pretty ideal texture...my hair is soft, never seems dry, and I never get dandruff. I have a few go-to products that I like to use depending on what I'm going to do with my hair or what the weather is like, but I'd heard great things about this mousse, so I wanted to give it a try - and for the price, I couldn't NOT try it, right? When I first dispensed the product, I was impressed at how thick it was, as many mousse products seem to fizz away right after you spray them out. I applied just the tiniest bit on the top of my head as I need a little something for frizz control, but don't like putting much product near roots; then I applied a fair amount to the rest of my hair. When I finished, I was surprised how my hands felt....it felt like they were covered in butter or some other really greasy thing! The regular hand soap in my bathroom wouldn't wash it off very well, I had to go to the kitchen and use dishsoap. This did help cut down on the frizz, but it also made my hair look stringy and my scalp and the area surrounding my face and ears were flaky and looked like I had really bad dandruff or something (ewww!). I gave it three tries, doing things slightly different each time and I just didn't like this product at all!! So into the trash it went! Some other reviewers seemed to like it, so maybe it would be good for someone with really dry hair, but it didn't work for me at all. Though for the price, I'm not all that disappointed that it didn't work."
This spray has no glossing agent or fruit wax like it claims.  It smells like a cheap  hair care product called White Rain. It's full of alcohol and doesn' t leave any gloss or shine in your hair. It feels like liquid hair spray. It makes my hair stiff.
This was by far the worse product I ever used on my face! I gave it a chance for 2 weeks. My face became red and almost looks burned! It was so sore i didn't know what to use to relieve the pain. I ended up using VaniCream- cream not the lotion- I do use retina at nite and my skin is oily during the day  -but sensitive.  I do use the clarisonsic at nite  I've never used moisturizer- before.I never noticed  any difference in pore size- I wonder if that's a gimic.At one point I got the Hydrating B12 Gel and used w the daily moisturizer- it was even worse! My face itched and became even more red!This line of expensive productnis Not for me!- beware- if your face shows any sign of sensitivity- I'd stay away from this product line. I use the Atopalm line now and I am very happy w the price and the effects on my skin!!
This product left my kinky and coily hair hard.  I would not buy this again.  Over prices and not worth the expense.
"This conditioner gave me wonderful hair days every time I used it (I have long, thick, curly hair).  Nicely defined, shiny, gorgeous curls were what it produced.  At the time I was using it, I was on the ""no 'poo, no 'cones"" regimen, so the fact that it contained no cones was a big selling point for me; I never found any other cone-free conditioner that was so richly moisturizing.  (Since then, I've discovered that I can go shampoo-free and still use cones, and get way better hair.)The problem was, to my nose, it smelled like wet dog.  EXACTLY like wet dog.  It wasn't a chemically smell like many hair products have; it was like the smell that naturally occurs when a dog's fur meets with moisture.  And the smell didn't go away once my hair had dried; I smelled like wet dog all day.  I'm not generally very sensitive to hair product scents, but this one crossed a line of disgustingness that for me was uncrossable.  I was sorry to have to stop using it, but I would rather have bad hair than smell like dog all day.  (And fortunately that's not a trade-off I've had to make, as I've since found other good-smelling products that also give me great hair days.)  It is completely possible that not everyone's hair reacts to it this way, or that other people simply aren't bothered by that particular odor, but my experience was, unfortunately, that the smell was a deal-breaker.  A very sad reason to have to stop using an otherwise great hair product. :-("
This product was way to thick for me. It might have been older package.I returned the packageand bought another one by Cosmedine which is much better.
"The consistency is thick and creamy (clear gel). It has a clearly ""lemon"" smell so you first-trimester ladies might not mind it!Let me say first that I do not have sensitive skin, I have normal skin that can be dry in winter and oily in summer.I applied this face cleanser with a little water in my palm to cause it to suds slightly in my hands before rubbing on. I left it on my face and neck about 45 seconds until it started to feel warm and then I washed it right off.After getting out of the bath, I noticed my cheeks and chin were red, dry, tight and seemed overly cleansed. I applied my hyaluronic acid serum and daily lotion for moisture but noticed some continued tingling/irritation that I've never had before. Basically my skin felt a little stripped and dry. Not good for a product that specifically sells itself as not overly-drying. Won't be using it again but I'd love the fragrance as a bath oil :)"
It turn my underarms color. I would not recommend this at all. I had to stop using it becuase it just did not work with my skin. I have very sensitvie skin maybe thats why. Would not recomment this product.
"The content of this product is not what I buy at my salon...the color, texture and more importantly smell are NOT AT ALL the same!!  I am disturbed by this.  Not only that, but now, for my return, I have to pay for postage!!!  Even though the product is cheap, I shouldn't have to pay for postage.  It was hard to even put a star on this product because it doesn't deserve it.  I might just throw it away..."
The only thing this product elimited was my money. I guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising.
"I was excited to try out a new shampoo, especially one that is chocked full of Shea and other healthy oils for your hair. I usually don't fall for the hype when a shampoo says ""for relaxed and natural hair"" but I'm willing to give things a go at least once. When I opened the box, the product had leaked all over the bag but I was able to salvage a good amount of the shampoo. It smells great, it isn't overpowering but nice and subtle. As I began to use the product I was happy that the consistency was nice and thick, perfect for my thick and natural (african american hair) and it foamed up nicely as I worked it throughout my scalp.When I went to wash it out is when the love affair ended, my hair was left feeling like it wasn't clean and I had this nasty residue left on my hair. It felt like I needed to rewash my hair with a different shampoo. My hair didn't feel softer or moisturized, it felt weighed down and lifeless. My curls were frizzy and dull. So I flipped over to the ingredient side and i realized this shampoo has quite a bit of ingredients, including silicones, that have no business being on my hair.  This is being shoved in the back of the cabinet for days when I run out of my regular shampoo."
This is nothing more than a big bottle of liquid soap. You are better off at the dollar store. I tried as a shampoo and it left my hair dull and dry...even though I diluted it a lot. I tried cleaning with it but it didn't do an adequate job. I tried it as a body wash but again it left my skin dry. I have now resorted to using it for dog shampoo! would not recommend
"I had some problem with dark pigmentation on my neck due to improper care and sun damage. So, I bought Salicylic acid 30%, which worked charms and seen result. It solved 95% of my issue. Then I read about Lactic Acid being more effective for hyperpigmentation. I thought it would not hurt to give it a try. I followed every single instruction, the pre-application and post-application procedure. The greatest thing I ever did was I did not apply to my neck, I applied in my arms. After one day, I saw that the area which was regular color with my skin has darkened. I did not judge this because I know some stuff takes time to show effects. But I stopped using it as well. After 3 weeks, it has not faded, I still have that dark mark due to applying this. I am going to use Salicylic acid again and stop the use of this.If you have issue on your face or other places visible, please help yourself and do not apply this. You will be embarrassed to go out for the next month or so. God knows how much more you will have to spend to fix the issues this stuff creates. Hope this helps someone and prevents the problem that I am facing."
I can't say I noticed a difference with this shampoo though I do want to mention I tried it twice and don't know if it's a coincidence that my hair sure seemed to get dirtier faster afterward. I think of Nexxus products as being good ones but this one did not impress me at all. It did go on easy and make a nice lather but it didn't feel particularly moisturized after.
This product does not hold your ends down.  You will be replacing it every hour.  Leaves a white sticky residue.
"I have been coloring my hair for 30 years, so it's pretty dry and damaged.  It's also thick and wavy.  So I try to find a shampoo that moisturizes, protects my color, and still lets my hair be fluffy.  I also like a nice smell.  And fewer chemicals.  So...yeah... I'm picky.MOISTURIZING:  Yes, this shampoo is moisturizing enough that I can get away without a conditioner if rushed.  But it's sort of a yucky, limp, moisture.  I don't like the feeling.COLOR:  I don't note that this product protects my color at all.  On the other hand, I don't find that any drugstore brand protects from fading; I do have to pay more for that.FLUFFY:  Not.  My hair is limp and icky even right after a wash and dry.  The first few times I thought I hadn't gotten all the shampoo out, but that wasn't it... it's just this product - it flattens my hair.SMELL:  *gag*CHEMICALS:  Chock full of 'em.BOTTOM LINE:  Wouldn't buy.  Won't use, even for free.  I used about half the bottle to give a fair review but I won't be finishing it."
I found this soap to be messy and still have an extra bar or two that I have yet to unwrap to use. It did nothing to help clear my complexion of dark or pigmentation spots. Some people swear by it I kinda found it messy and swore at it:))) It's one of those items that some love and some don't. As far as cleaning I think it did a fair job of that. I'll eventually use it up in the shower but I thought it was a tad drying over all too. Maybe it's suppose to be and  in my younger very oily skin years that would have been wonderful. Today the oil's gone and I'd rather have some moisturizing. Do I think it works for some....as they claim...probably. I've had great results with products others don't and vice versa which is one reason we get to talk shop and review these products here on Amazon. Thanks Amazon..for printing both the good and the bad.
"I have short, chin length hair and was hoping to be able to take this product on an international trip in lieu of my standard gel and curling products. After trying the product for a few times, I've decided that not only does it fall short on giving me the ability to style my hair, it is extremely hard to wash it out.The sculpting powder I a fine powder that comes in a talc-style container. It seems to either not come out of the container holes or come out in clumps. It is a very sticky substance, so once out of the container you will end up getting it on the roots and the rest of your hair. The powder does help with adding volume to your hair, but at the expense of a necessary thorough hair washing afterwards (sometimes multiple soaping).In a pinch, this powder may be a good product to use, but, given the difficulty of removal combined with giving your hair a matte look, I  do not foresee using this product in the future.  I will continue to travel with my other hair products even though they take up more space in my suitcase."
these are tiny dots which look cool but you dont get very many and i was really hoping for squares oh well for the price you cant complain... you get what you pay for which isnt much.
"It didn't work for me at all, don't waste your money and try something better. I won't buy it again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Not really pigmented for my dark skin. Listening  to the raves on you tube, this wasn't worth the hype or $$."
"The chemical list on this sun screen does not suggest that it is ""pediatric"" at all, and for kids less than 6 months, you are told to ""consult a physician.""  The tube is SMALL at only 3.5 ounces.  The primary blocker of sun is the zinc oxide.  There are some ridiculous instructions such as ""keep out of sun"" for the bottle...when you have to reapply after swimming or toweling or after not much time in the sun.  This is not a sufficient product to take to the beach, where waterproof, not just ""resistant,"" sunscreen is a must.  Not for our family."
"I was so happy when I first used this, because it was so convenient and could get to the very root neatly. But after a few uses, it dried up even if I made it a point to secure the cap after each use. I wish they would improve on this very promising product."
"The real deal product - 4 to 5 stars.  The product being sold here, less than that because it seems suspect.I received a large sample of this from Sephora some time ago.  I used it several times and absolutely loved it.  I have dry, sensitive skin skin, but contrary to some of the reviews here, this product did not feel too harsh, nor did the exfoliants feel like they were skin-tearing.  After use, my skin felt so incredibly hydrated, even without the use of a moisturizer (that's a rarity for me).  It also felt smooth and silky soft.  It might be true that there are cheaper masks that are just as effective, but to be honest, I've not found a decent mud mask in a very long time.Now the product being marketed here, at least based on the photos, does not seem authentic.  I have only seen it sold at very specific places, so that alone raises a red flag.  But what I find more disturbing is that when you zoom in on the photos of the product, you can see that it's a poor imitation of the actual GlamGlow packaging.  There are errors in the writing - it is not smooth and you can see almost &#34;wavy&#34; lines, almost as though someone colored outside the lines. It's a poor stamp. The font and writing simply is not sharp and crisp as it is on the actual jar.  In addition, these photos show a plain black jar, but the authentic product has an almost granite look to it - black with grey or white spots throughout it (at least the one sold on Sephora looks that way).  It's entirely possible these are just poor photos, but they make me wary.In any event, I would be careful when buying this through a third party seller not authorized by the company to sell its product.  As this is not actually sold by Amazon, I would think this is a buyer beware situation."
"The brushes are a good price, however, I would rather spend a few more dollars on higher quailty brushes. The thicker brushes started coming apart and flaking on my face."
"i recieved only the scraper and the image plate which is not fair at all i paid for three items and only got ,who did the packaging must have forgoten it,please give me a feedbach because i cannot use it without the stamp"
"is it working?? umm i pretty much got tired of rubbing smelly lotion on my legs after a week, its a rigorous process, and im sure even if you managed to &#34;get rid of&#34; cellulite, if you ever stopped youd get it right back.  I wish i stopped falling for these type of things, the only way your gonna stop cellulite is to exercise, these type of products dont work....sad reality, cuz i wish they did"
It smells like a nursing home.  My mother uses it.  It smells horrible. I have to burn incense just to try to cover up the smell of it.
"Ive bought several of the Auric Blends perfumes and loved them but this one I just don't like it.  More of a masculine scented oil bordering on aged powder.Its not a disgusting scent, just not what I thought it would be.It would probably smell nice on an older gentleman though."
"The pump did not work since the beginning so I had to open it and noticed the bottle wasn't even half filled.The consistency is too w&aacute;tery unlike other serums I can wear alone. You have to necessarily use a moisturizer on top.I used along with the retinol baby face cream. Not impressed, neither notice any dramatic or noticeable improvements."
"Nivea Body Touch of Frangipani shower gelsmells great and cleans well. There is just one problem - My skin feels dry and itchy.This is a ""hydrating"" and it doesn't hydrate. After washing with it, my skin feels dried out.At first, I thought I was itchy because I might have been allergic to it. But the more I used it, the more my skin felt dry, itchy and in need of lotion.Maybe it's just me but my skin feels extremely dry after using this shower gel. I can't recommend it"
"I really wanted to like it. The color was close to what I wanted, though a bit more pink than the nude I was looking for. Unfortunately, no matter what I tried, the &#34;gloss&#34; beaded up on my lips after 45 minutes. So gross! Exfoliated my lips then put on the gloss. No joy. Moisturized my lips SLIGHTLY then put on the gloss. No job. No matter what I tried, it beaded up."
"I tried this item 3 different times and it peeled off my nails within hours. I was really hoping it would work much better but alas, I am still on the quest for maintainable/easy French manicures. (I stink with drawing the smile line with a brush and the guides just let polish underneath them.)"
"First of all, the product comes with inadequate instructions.  The package comes with a cleansing product which has some abrasive grit in it, an abrasion only product, sponge attachment, brush attachment, and batteries.  The instructions say (in many languages) how to put the batteries in, and which product to use with which attachment.  It does not say whether to keep the brush and sponge wet, how often to use the products, or any warnings about the problems which I will now describe.Other similar devices that I have tried have a back and forth agitating movement.  This one has a three speed rotary action.  If you leave even a tiny whisp of hair loose, it can wind clear up to your scalp before you are able to turn the thing off. This is not a theoretical risk.If you decide to use this, make sure you have all your hair secured as if you were scrubbing in to surgery.  If you do get it caught, don't panic. Just switch off the device, remove the attachment, and you can get your hair detatched from the attachment quite easily,  You might even  be able to get it untangled. I only had to cut a very little bit out because of the knotted twisting.Second, and this is more serious, you have to keep the sponge attachment sopping wet.  If you do not, either the motor will not turn  if you are holding it firmly to your skin, or if you press more lightly it grabs the skin intermittently and skips around.  Even if you soak the sponge, it dries out enough without warning to jump unpredictably.  It actually hit me in the open eye twice before I quit trying new strategies.  I didn't sustain a corneal injury it could easily have caused a serious injury.I gave it two stars because the products included are actually quite nice.  Just massage around gently with your finger tips.  I have tried to think up what else I might be able to use the machine for but have concluded I might as well just throw it away."
Sheek White.........I do not like!  &#128540;  it isn't the color I don't like it is the fact that it peels off.  My Artic Freeze doesn't do that.  I am really disappointed with this color and will not order it again.  It is back to Artic White for me.  Now to figure out a way to get rid of the Sheek White.
"I really wanted to love this flat iron. The whole idea of being able to basically skip a step (blow drying) sounded fantastic to me. Unfortunately it did not live up to the hype. I will say on damp hair this flat iron definitely dries your hair as good as a blow dryer. I was in awe, now comes the sad part. IT does not straighten well at all. I do not have hard to straighten hair. All though not curly, I do have wavy, thick hair. This flat iron simply could not grip my hair tight enough to give it the tension it so needed. Talk about a let down. Maybe this thing needs floating plates like others I have tried. Just would not grip my hair no matter how hard I tried to clamp down on the handle. With a little work I believe this could be a great flat iron that saves you a lot of time. But sadly, mine is going back to Walmart tomorrow morning, what a shame. :("
This body wash did nothing for my acne.  I had high hopes since I can find nothing that clears the mild body acne I have.  The closest product that comes to helping at all has been the Proactiv body wash which is expensive.  This product has a reasonable cost.  Too bad.
"I was using Skin Genesis Serum and loved it, it really improved how my skin looked. But Loreal discontinued it and came out with this new product. So I tried it. My skin was not loving it. It got red and irritated. The redness would fade but was still irritating. My nose was not loving it - smells like bug spray to me. So off to find something else that will make my skin and nose happy again. And to make my eyes happy, too, since they see those pesky new wrinkles every day.  (I hate when one of my favorite items is discontinued and I have to start a new search.) Eveyone's skin is different. Youth Code serum may work great for you. It did not for me."
"After one week, my stomach became extremely bloated.  In addition I experienced muscle pain in my back and in my arm--not based on any new activity on my part.  I felt like I was turning into a balloon, seemingly for no reason other than this pill.  After just one day of not taking it,  I felt better and the bloating dissipated.  While it might very well help with wrinkles, etc., to me the side effects are absolutely not worth it and will stick to the creams /lotions for direct application to my skin."
"Uhh, did I get a bad batch? I love Cetaphil's face wash, but this was a dud. I couldn't use it on my face because it made me break out. It also was impossible to blend into the skin, leaving a white film for a few minutes until it soaked in on its own. When it did soak in it left a sticky feeling on my skin. Cetaphil failed me here."
"I purchased this with the thickening spray (see my other review on that!) as it advertised like a light conditioner for fine hair that does not need heavy, weighty conditioner.  I also was lured that it could be used the day after you wash your hair to prep it up a bit.  It really doesn't do anything but become somewhat gummy.  Wasted $$$$$ again!"
never worked from day one. has no power when put to the nail... stops immediately. and its not like I was using it professionally but just for home use and I never got to really use it because it wouldn't even work well!
A few reviews mentioned that this Alkaline Booster helped with GERD/Acid Reflux.I bought it for this reason.Please don't waste your money as this product does NOTHING for ACID REFLUX as it is too weak. I tried using 5 drops in a half glass of water to deal with ACID REFLUX. All it did was make the water taste bitter. It did nothing for the Acid Reflux.
So far this hasn't proven any results. It's basically just a chapstick in a pot. I was hoping to have the rosy lip glow the product described--nothing so far. How long does it take to work?
"This product did not work well as a primer for me. I was hoping it would go on nice and smoothly, but the second I rubbed this product onto my face, I noticed my skin immediately felt dry and flakey. The dry, powdery texture made it difficult to put my makeup on afterwards. This product made my skin imperfections more noticeable as well. Lastly, it would have been more convenient if the lid was flat instead of narrow and pointy, as the product cannot be stored standing upright. The one thing I like? The SPF for protection from the sun."
THOUGHT THIS COLOR WOULD BE A PERFECT CHOICE FOR ME BUT IT PALED ME OUT.IT WORKED A LONG TIME AGO - BUT NOT NOW. :)
"I used this cream for over 8 mos. and saw no difference whatsoever in the dark spots I have on my face. Not only that, but I ended having to buy other moisturizers to compensate for the lack of moisture in the product, I actually even felt like it was drying my skin more than anything. I have tried a bunch of Eminence products and unfortunately am not impressed by any yet."
This is a great concept and the brush turns perfectly. But the heat and power is not enough to hold the style.
"Loved the shimmery look it gave me but it made me skin breakout terribly.  Seemed to be a good product, disappointed I can't use it."
"I tried this after reading all the rave reviews.  I used it several times a day until I'd finished the jar (a couple of months).  Not only did it not strengthen or otherwise improve my nails, but it caused bumps in my nails as they grew out.  Not recommended."
I loved the smell but definitely did not do any thing for my hair.I had to mix it with some other product.
"I was hoping this mascara would be awesome but I was disappointed. I have straight eyelashes, like straight straight. I have to use an eyelash curler to get them to curl at all. The first time I used this, I curled my eyelashes per usual and applied the mascara. The mascara made my eyelashes go totally straight. Ugh. So the next time I tried wiping some of the mascara off the wand thinking it was too wet and that's why my eyelashes went straight. No luck. The wand is really comb-y which is great for not leaving clumps, but it pulls my eyelashes too much and makes them straight. I don't usually have this problem with mascara.So anyways, I just thought I'd help a straight-eyelashed sister out. This mascara doesn't work for me."
"This mirror is extremely overpriced for what it provides. Do not waste your time purchasing this item, the LED light functionality does not make up for the distorted reflection, faulty suction cups, and less than ideal water tank to keep the mirror from fogging. I have since followed the advice of other reviewers and picked up this mirror from ToiletTree which has worked so much better for a fraction of the price. Take a pass on this offering and save some money with the ToiletTree offering instead."
This bath brush hurts on the skin!  The bristles are way too hard.  The only place that it doesn't hurt too much is on the back.  I wouldn't buy this brand again.  Oh well; maybe I can use the brush to clean the shower - it's hard enough!
"This shampoo is thick (and I mean REALLY thick, like honey!), and smells like strawberry cough syrup. It lathers like a normal shampoo (which is impressive for being sulfate free) but doesn't do anything special for my hair. I think there are many superior alternatives to the shampoo that are cheaper. 2 stars. Normally I love Bed Head, but this one is a real dud.On a side note, the conditioner that goes with this shampoo is actually fabulous. I would highly recommend it.Buyer beware: I ordered directly from Amazon and not a private seller. The first bottle of shampoo I received was 1/3 of the way full. There was dried shampoo all over the bottle, but not the inside of the package. I didn't bother opening it, just sent it back. The second bottle I received smelled rotten (like mold and chemicals) and the shampoo itself was thicker than the shampoo in the first bottle I received. Sent it back. The third bottle I received had thinner shampoo and smelled just okay. The shampoo was still very thick, however. (I did not give a 2-star review because of the shipping experience; the shampoo itself deserves 2-stars.)"
"Recommended in a magazine article in First Magazine.  Inexpensive product.  Left my hair very dried out, so I threw away the bottle.  I have very short, fine, highlighted but growing out hair."
"This was an ok product, but I would not purchase again.  There are better products for cheaper.  it was ok, just very heavy even if you used less"
It DO NOT brighten or fades discoloration. I have one dark spot near my ankle both sides. About a size of a half dollar. I use it as described. See no result in 8 weeks.
"Ok so to be fair.  I received this product as promised and shipping was quick. No problems there.  It had a piece of paper in the package that explained that they make this fresh prior to shipment and it tells you to stop using it if it changes colors.  When I received it, it was a thin milky to slight yellow color.  After about two weeks, it was orange.Applying the liquid to my face was like slapping some egg yoke on my face.  As it dried, it made my face feel tight and dry.  Make up went over it well thought.I can't say that I hated it but it was just not my thing.  I would not order it again.  It did not stay fresh long enough and it felt funny when applying it to my face.  I noticed no difference in my skin other than what I have already said.It was not worth the money to me."
"I read the reviews and made my purchase based on what i read.  I am totally disappointed tho'.  The item I received was a dried out, empty container.  I did not get one good use of it.  I had to purchase an ordinary revlon for much less and was a very satisfied with the result.  My money just wnet right dow the drain."
"I recently bought some more Q-tips.  I use them every day.  You known when you're all dry from the shower but your ears are still wet?  Well, these are the only things that will do the job.  So, as I said, I recently bought some more.  And may I say that I hate the generic versions of Q-tips: the CVS brand or Target version of Q-tips are weak.  They bend when you apply any pressure to them.  I like Q-tips because they are much stiffer and hold up perfectly when used.~Q-Tips, you have let me down.~My recent purchase has led me to discover that Q-tips have changed their formula: The shafts are now much weaker than before and are identical to those knock-off brands I mentioned earlier.  This is a travesty.  It's obvious that they are trying to save money by using less paper in the design of these things, but it's terrible.  They don't hold up like they used to and it's driving me nuts.  I now HATE Q-tips and will be buying the cheaper knock-off brands since they are now equal in quality.~Q-Tips, shame on you."
"As a long time user of Ponds cold cream, I wanted to switch to a more natural, paraben free moisturizer. I am a big fan of Burts bees products and so chose this cream as it was thick and most like the Ponds consistency. I loved it for about 4 days until the breakouts started. I am not a person prone to breaking out, so I was very surprised. I'm really disappointed as I wanted to like and use this cream. I thought that given the Burts Bees name and price, it would have performed much better. I will be returning this product."
"Shipper did a good job as far as shipping speed. However, the product doesn't stick at all and is not easy to apply."
"I can't believe how horrible the quality of this polish is!! I was so excited for this color because it is absolutely gorgeous, but the formula is so watery and separates so easily that I can hardly paint my nail with it. I had also ordered Factory Girl by Color Club and I had the exact same problem with separating and it not being opaque even after 4 coats!! I thought it was just Factory Girl, but Blue Ming is just as bad so I have concluded it's just Color Club in general. Save your money as these polishes aren't as cheap as some other brands and they have a terrible formula to boot. I won't be buying another Color Club polish and it's sad because their color range is gorgeous.If you really want Blue Ming though there is a Dupe by Essie called Mint Candy Apple  which is identical especially on the nail. I own them both and side by side they look nearly identical and on the nail you can't tell a difference, well besides the Color Club one being extremely streaky ;-)."
"When using this product, it worked okay, but the research that I have done on organic shea butter tells me that this product may not be actual African Shea Butter. This product may be just plain African Butter(kpangnan) that comes from a totally different tree, that grows in a totally different part of Africa, then where  African Shea butter would come from. Like I said in a earlier comment, it worked okay, but if I order African Shea Butter, that is what I expect to get. Future customers, please do your homework on this product, for if you are purchasing African Shea Butter, that is what you should received."
"This is awkward. It is a lot of work for what you get. I think in theory it is a great idea, but in practice it isn't. You attach regular hair rollers to this thing which then puts them in your hair. You then have to hold it in your hair while you run the thing which sounds like a hair dryer. You could have the same concept but not so hard on the arms if you put regular rollers in your hair ahead of time then heat them up with the hair dryer. I gave this two stars rather than one because i am guessing these are easier on  your hair then hot rollers are but that is the only reason it got two stars. I don't recommend this product at all."
"I purchased this product based on reading other reviews. I am transitioning from permed hair to natural hair. I was expecting something that would lay the edges down. Instead of doing that, this stuff feels like gummy paste and looks filmy."
"Porefessional is a great product as a spot corrector, primer, or mixed with a little foundation, all you need for full cover-up. That said buyer beware. Why would you pay MORE for a product than Benefit themselves and their authorized sellers charges? Porefessional, the real stuff, cost $30."
"I love Temptu foundation and was excited to try with the primer but unfortunately, my experience has not been nearly as positive. When first applied, this primer has a faint chemical smell and doesn't feel nearly as silky as other silicon based primers I've used. It also makes my skin tingle for a minute or two, so perhaps I'm sensitive to a particular ingredient. That aside, the performance is really just mediocre. Personally, if I'm going to put silicon on my face, I want it to perform miracles....and this primer certainly does not."
"My hair was keratin treated in September. By using the proper products, I have been able to extend the benefits of the treatment and still have smooth straight hair.I was really annoyed when I tried this. I thought I had checked thoroughly.  But after I had slathered this on my head I noticed that the front of the bottle said lower sulfates not sulfate free. The fine print is that it has lower sulfates than other Tresemme shampoos. It doesn't say how much less.Sulfates are death to keratin. Sulfates break keratin down. They will not only negate any benefit from keratin in the shampoo but if you have had a keratin treatment on your hair, this shampoo will ruin it. There is no benefit to be gained form the inclusion of keratin in this shampoo. It just uses the new buzzword.If you do not care about getting the benefits of keratin or protecting keratin treated hair this is actually an ok shampoo. It is not drying."
"I wanted to like this headband so much. However, the size is more geared for a childs' head, and the hooks between each of the flowers don't close all the way, leaving them open to snag hair. Sadly, I'll never use this again, but it was too cheap to waste time returning."
"I've used this product 3 times in the last week and a half. I have noticed no difference in my hair and even worse, its melting my hair! I'm lucky it only did a little part of my bangs, but had I not caught it I might have a bald spot along my hair line! Awful. I'm going to write to the manufacturer because since there is no peroxide in the product this should not happen!!"
Liked Wen but not the styling creme  Although not all wen worked good for me Lavender smell was not real
This is a very dark color. BE FOREWARNED. I thought it would be a more of  cherry red with some darker glitter.Its a very dark gothic looking color. Oh and be sure to read their return policy before buying. Not only is this an expensive item to begin with - costly to take the risk if you don't like the color. 30% restocking fee AND you have to pay return shipping and return original packaging. WHAT? Yeah. So I wasted $20 on lip gloss that was WAY too dark. Learn from my lesson and don't order.
"Horrible! It does not dry for a long time, and it smells horrible! Just breathing through my nose made me feel like my nose was on fire! And the smell stayed even after it dried. If you have ever taken a deep breath in through your nose in the sauna, that is what it feels like. Do not buy this product!"
"Before I bought this one, I had ordered a oil scented perfume (of a company who makes designer scents, but uses their secret ""oils"".) and the smell was DIVINE!! Smelled eXACTLY like this...except the real perfume had too much of an ""alcohal""/musky scent.I believe that whoever designed this perfume had a perfect plan in mind. However, when spraying it, it is a nice lovely peachy/creamy scent..BUT..then something goes slightly wrong...this musky alcohal scent just seems to over power it way too much.If only they would've not included that horrible musky overflow..such a pretty scent..but I find the oil perfume I have from this scent smells even better..too bad because I REALLY wanted to like it..and I do..but the musk just overpowers me for my taste.I LOVE her original Fancy--as I am a HUGE gourmand lover and LOVE anything that smells sweet and creamy. This one was so close..but they should've made it more ""sweet"" and less ""musky""..:("
"I used this for over a month but I found that ""Fade Out Stretchmark Creme by Tehani Salon"" on Amazon worked better. It smelled better and works faster than this stuff. I guess if you have nothing else to use that it would suffice. But I think it's way over rated."
The moisturizing works fine and it is nice to have some sun protection for when you go out - but I need fragrance free products. Although it says that they don't use artificial perfumes... this isn't fragrance free.
i bought the derma wand and returned it without using it because i read a warning from the state of california on the instructions that said that the product could cause cancer and birth defects because of the chemicals it uses....needless to say i wasn't gonna use it! i went to the official derma wand website but i couldn't find any info on that claim or maybe i didn't look hard enough. maybe ill e-mail them one day and see if they tell me anything about that.
"Whats all the hoopla? i bought this because it got great reviews, waited 14 day sto get it from Korea, great packaging, smells goodd but thats about it! I tried it 3 times, it didnt do anything, didnt even clean pores or open them up. Just a mask and its creamy. I rather get Clay mask from target that at least cleans my pores. It didnt do ANYTHINg for me. I ended up throwing it away. Waste of my money."
"I'm 43 and these strips have been around for some time now. Over the years, I have tried these strips and was left disappointed. I'd stop then years later try again, hoping the product had been improved. Each time, I came away with the same result, disappointment.I have pretty oily skin and get acne in my nose and it enlarges my pores. I got these strips again a few weeks ago, again, hoping they'd improved. But they didn't. These strips cost $8 for 14 strips.I  used an entire box and each time I used one of the strips, it didn't work. The instructions say leave on your nose for about 15 minutes, which I do. When I remove them, the strip is clean and fails to serve its purpose. I think its safe to say, I'd never buy or use these strips ever again. Sorry Biore', for me, these strips were a flop."
"I'm not sure if it was a some special ingredient in this shade or what, but a half house after the second coat was applied it was still all tacky and wet.  I ended up scuffing the he l l  out of my nails and they look terrible.  Nice color but takes FOREVER to dry.  I've never had this issue with the other 10(ish) bottles of china glaze I own."
"Yet another concealer that looks caked on and textured. Does not cover spots.. and if used as a highlighter, it looks horrible. Not worth it, for either."
"It does not really make the shadow last longer.It makes it shinier.After a few hours, it fades out anyways. Maybe it last 1 or max 2 more hours than putting anything.I had LARS product before and it worked much much better."
"What do you want for less than a buck? I thought I'd try it, but it wouldn't hold in place. Too stretchy. Don't bother"
I am going to stick with my nicer pencils i don't care i they cost more they will be worth it. I don't care for the texture of either side and feel they don't do anything for me
Crap crap crap! This mess doesn't work and I kept buying bottle after bottle trying for months. Seen no progress what's so ever. What a waste
"big, awkward. Synthetic bristles. Not suitable for very fine hair of medium length and less. Its even bang are not comfortable pulling."
I purchased this shampoo and the conditioner a few months back at a local store. I ended up returning them both. I don't have damaged or chemically treated hair but this made my hair feel like straw and no other product has ever made my hair feel so terrible. Happy to hear it works great for some people but it doesn't work for me.
"I should have taken other reviewer's words on this brush head. It is way to rough for my skin. I feel like my skin is going spastic right now. I am experiencing breakouts and dryness. I have big old under the skin blemishes that are painful and my face has been more red than usual. With the brush head that came with my Clarisonic (the sensitive, I think) I didn't experience any of this. My skin just felt clean after using that brush. Do not buy this if you have even remotely sensitive or acne prone skin. It isn't worth the breakouts."
"I love Amazon, because you can basically buy and return anything without leaving your house. Not here, though. I bought this product, after reading many of the reviews (and all of the product information), knowing that I have had problems with hair products in the past. If I spend $$ on a product and it does not do as it says in the Product Description, I return it.This spray came in time, and what most customers said was that is smelled good, which it does. But, so does my hair and my shampoo. I would NOT spend $17 on a bottle of &#34;smell good&#34; hair!When I used it as directed with my curling iron, it made my ends incredibly frizzy. And, the hold was too strong - the frizz would NOT come out!I tried to return it through Amazon online, and it just kept telling me something about &#34;not being able to ship&#34; hazardous products. No one called to confirm or explain and I did not receive a follow-up email, as stated would happen when I tried to return the product - three times. I even went back to the spray's original posting and noted that it did NOT say that I could not return it. I felt deceived! I will NEVER buy hair products from this company again! Any Walgreens or Beauty Supply Store down your street will let you return it, so give them your money instead - at least they offer to give you your money back if you are not satisfied!"
Everyone is different.  This product did nothing for me at all.  Would not purchase again. Doesn't mean it won't work on others.
This sent was not like I envisioned it to be because of the fancy name and bottle. Seems like more time was spent on advertising than the actual fragrance.
The products works well but there is no color to it.  I was surprised as the ad and the bottle both show a solid color but with 2 coats nothing but shine.  Will not buy Gelfish gel polish again.
"Well back when i bought this, it was closer to $15, Plus $4 shipping. I think thats pretty ridiculous for how little of an amount you get. I guess i assumed it would be bigger judging by the picture, i was wrong. But yea, it does nothing for my hair, which could be due to the fact that i have long thick hair. Save your money"
"When I was experimenting with cold creams a while back, I came across this upon recommendation from a friend's mother. While I liked the old fashioned, perfume smell, I found the consistency too greasy and it didn't remove my makeup too well or moisturize my skin. In fact, I wouldn't recommend it to people with sensitive skin, since my face did redden when I used it (and I highly doubt it was the red dye in it too)."
"I understand the positive reviews posted here are based on immediate results.  What about long term?  What about cancer?Doesn't that BOTHER any of the people posting that they're using this product?  It says right here in the product description and on the box that this product can cause cancer. How is it that women can be manipulated to believe that temporary relief from menopausal symptoms is worth the RISK of cancer or dying from it?  I'll keep searching for a natural remedy.  Possible side effect, cancer? HELLLLLOOOO!!  NO THANKS!If I'm missing something, that someone wants to point out to me....have at it!  I'm all ears."
"The product arrived in a timely manner, but the packaging it was in could use some improvements. First of all, it came one of those yellow manilla envelopes lined with bubble wrap. Inside, the product box was crushed. I believe the seller should start shipping the product in a small box instead of an envelope to prevent this from happening in the future.Secondly, the product I received did not match the one in the picture. The one in the picture seems ""newer"" - newer, more modern packaging and font. The one I received looked like a lotion bottle from the 90's. I'm not sure if I received an outdated product or it was just in outdated packaging, but the lotion itself left much to be desired. I followed the instructions and applied the lotion to a clean face, morning and night. My face looked really smooth in the morning when I first woke up...until I had to wash it again and reapply the lotion. It made my face red and made all my imperfections stand out more. Definitely will not be buying/using again."
"The first time I put this product on my face, I thought I would really like it.  The thin lotion goes on smoothly and isn't greasy at all.  However, I kept noticing that my face looked a little redder than it should.I decided to put this product to the test, and applied it to my entire body before going to the beach.  We spent 3 hours at Lake Michigan on a sunny day.  I did not go in the water-way too cold this early in the summer.  Later that night, I noticed redness on my skin all over my body.  My husband, who had it on his face also had a red face.This product I'm sure provides some sun protection, but certainly not a 60 spf.  I think my skin would have fared the same had I used a copperton 8 spf.Very unreliable product-do not recommend!"
"I don't really like giving negative reviews.  So although I was disappointed the first time I tried it, I decided, to be fair, to try it a few times before writing my review  I was so excited about this item.  However, after trying a few times, I was very disappointed.  I've tried wetting the tip as another person suggested, and really, there was no difference in the appearance of the tip of my nail, except for the goopy mes I had to remove from my finger tips. My nails are not stained and I do have a pretty whitish tip already but I expected a really nice white tip with this pencil and it didn't deliver at all. To the trash it goes."
"I'm in my early 30's and have had occasional blemishes in the chin area since my early 20's, usually hormonal and very rarely maybe a big cystic one. I've kept my skin under control using proactiv everyday(all 3 steps), trying out sulfur mud masks which I really like as well as a lactic acid peel by this same company. I bought this salicylic acid peel to help the mild occasional acne and to just get a good peel and more even tone to my skin. Upon my first used, I liked it. It had a mild tingle(after about 2 minutes when I'd rinse with cool water) and left my skin feeling soft. I used it steadily for 10 months, maybe every other week, before I realized THIS was the source of my new problem. I have gone from the occasional hormonal issue to congested unhappy pores since I began using this last February...I've had consistent little white plugs I could see burrowing under the surface of my skin. I'd never ever had breakouts like this. I cut out everything new I could think of that I'd added to my regime, anywhere from skin products, to vitamins to food. I have a reasonably healthy diet and daily exercise. I finally realized this was the problem. I read up on salicylic acid and for some it can make the skin shed so much it actually clogs pores instead of clearing them. Now that I've stopped using it, things are getting back to normal. My derm also said there's no such thing as things getting worse before they get better.....That's a myth perpetuated by the industry to explain away bad reactions."
"The reason I gave one star is because the zero option is not available. This thing stripped my hair so much, I couldn't wait to put conditioner in my hair! I have natural, black hair."
"I got this and i wanted to love it.  I saw some amazing reviews so i gave it a try.  I have had it for 4 months.  It really didnt do anything that benefited me.  Over the course of using it i noticed my eyes getting more puffy after each time.  i stopped using it to see if it was just allergies.  Unfortunately, i saw the puffiness reduce after stopping applying the cream.  Just to be thorough i tried one more time.Yes this cream makes my eyes more puffy and i havent noticed any reduction in improvement in the darken under eye area.  Bust"
"These are good for kids/little girls. Thats about it. Plasticy looking, too large for detailed designs. Pay a little more get better quality."
"I got this based on the reviews and found the price to be reasonable...i am not impressed...it is hard to describe the smell as it has many different notes that are not working together, but rather each one takes over individually for a while before it fades awkwardly and you feel like you're wearing a different perfume...it is also overpowering at first...then fades out into something that reminds you of what your grandfather wore...i don't know what others found in it, but definitely not for me, and you might want to sample it first before you buy"
". This is the only Real Techniques brush I own as I wanted to try them out before buying more. I bought this brush in February and have taken GREAT care of it as I do all my other make up brushes. I use this about 3-4 times a week since I don't wear foundation everyday. Its only September and I'm noticed this brush already starting to lose the hairs on one side of the brush.Before it began to shed, I loved this brush and it would apply my foundation beautifully...however, its pretty much useless now that its shedding so much. Don't know if I will buy another..."
"I must admit I haven't used this product. I read what I could about it before ordering it and once it arrived and I looked at the ingredients list, I was appalled because the company touted it as being another ""natural"" product.This stuff has all the types of parabens women with, or previously had, breast cancer should avoid! It has been awhile since I have come across a product that still uses these preservatives. It's the reason I quit looking at products in professional hair salons. When will they stop? I know several breast cancer victims who avoid the parabens like the plague!I have come to the conclusion that just because it says natural it is rarely the case! Better off just to look for the organic versions."
"Terrible!  Firstly it aggravated my dry issue, and cased itching. Second, smudged and did not wash off easily. Hated the wand. I will stick with my QVC natural brands."
"Hard bristles do not catch hair, so why do companies not understand this? Also, this is just a heated brush. It is NOT an air brush."
"I BOUGHT IT UNDER COMMERCIAL INFLUENCE .I AM NOT HAPPY WITH IT .IT SMELLS LIKE PALMOLIVE  SOAP .IT DOES NOT STAY LONG AND YOU SMELL IT COUPLE OF MINUTES, AND THEN IT IS GONE."
"I got this nail dryer and I was really excited, I did my nails that same day and I found out that the cool air button was broken, since the warm air worked I did my nails, the warm air blew powerful enough to make your nails dry. I had to returned the product either way since it was broken."
"This is the 1st concealer I ever purchased and mainly for the yellow color.I do not like this product at all! Its very thick and very very hard to blend!Thus far I have bought 4 different yellow tube concealers from other brands and thankfully they are like magic! Im still searching for the best one, but I do not recommend this at all, and you get what you pay for because its cheap!I love e.l.f's brushe's and eye shades but not this product!!"
"Get this just for the sealer, the primer creases. Imagine a primer creasing and its winter still. As well the sellers communication is not the best anyways."
"I bought this item at Walmart, it's in a gold colored box by the  way. I looked at the ingredients, it's chemicals! Not organic. It has linseed oil in it too. Lin seed comes from flax seed, it can be used on house hold items such as wood, wood oil, and to preserve wooden items, linoleum, or anything outdoors! Helloooo!?! What was organix thinking? Does my hair look like wood? Linoleum? Or some other furniture needed to preserve it? It also has a low drying quality. I guess I'm never going back to this product! I'm disgusted! If I'd known I wasted 6 dollars at wal mart, I'd take it back, go buy real argon oil. Just beware of this stuff! I wouldn't order it from here or buy it from walmart. It does make my hair soft, but, it's not 100% argon oil. I've used one n only I liked it much better, I may switch to that , redkin argan 6 or nexxxus also upon investigating into what else it's used for it's used for oil paints and paint. I'm very upset! I don't understand how I could've been so foolish! Please if you've bought this item, return it, get a refund. Don't apply it to your hair!"
"This didn't do a thing for me. Unless I am, for some reason, looking for a product that leaves my hair as frizzy as when I use no product, I won't use again. In AZ we basically have no humidity, so I'd be terrified to try this in a more humid climate. It smells great and feels lightweight, but my hair looked pathetic.I have generally healthy, medium length, fine hair (and a lot of it). I use the cleansing conditioner and stick with my Matrix gel and mousse for styling."
I don't have sensitive skin and THIS was rough on my skin! Not to mention these wipes are as far away from 'simple' as you can get with its chemists brew of ingredients.
"I like new gadgets and love experimenting with new hair techniques. These curl formers were way too complicated to use. It pulled the hair and caused me to break some of it. I will stick to the flexi rods.  They were easier to use and resulted in a good outcome (i.e, curls with no breakage)."
"Others have stated some of the benefits.  I have tried many base coats and this is my favorite so far.  Protects nails from discoloration better than others I have used (Orly Bonder, OPI) and it seems to make the manicure remain free from chips longer than the other products too.  I have used this with several brands of polish (Essie, OPI, Wet n Wild, Sally Hansen) and all the brands seem to remain chip free longer.  I should add that I always use a coat of Seche Vite as well.Update-- After several weeks of use my nails are turning yellow.  This has not happend before when I was using the OPI as a base coat.  So I am thinking it must be the formaldehyde in the Essie base coat.  I have removed it from my nails and after a few days will go back to OPI.  Will not use the Essie again."
Honestly I want to throw it away.. Some how I find the nail polish streaky/watery.... The color doesn't even look to pink but more of a salmon color..
"We all age, it's a fact. There are a billion things out there that say they can help. The best thing I found for wrinkles and problem skin (no it doesn't get rid of them but it helps a little and I like the way it makes my skin feel) I also don't have very many but I have used salycic acid. My skin is sensitive and didn't agree with this product and I am also prone to by all natural items or organic. I've used a lot of things as I've been in my 30s and even costmetic grade peels. If you can't afford it, try the salycic acid. I have reviewed it here on Amazon and love the product and use it often."
"Too small for my head, it hurts to wear this. I would just get one from the store instead. Wayy too tight on my head."
"Got this for very acne-laden teen daughter & also used for myself. Did nothing to help our acne issues, neither hers nor my own infrequent pimple or two. This is extremely watery, so it really pours right out of bottle onto body sponge & of course, the floor. This of course made for even more lather than it inherantly provided. Very difficult to completely rinse out of sponge. Worst of all, the scent. Very strong, makes me taste it. Lingers in bathroom beyond shower time too, so it is very bothersome to me. However, at least it didn't feel drying."
I was so disapointed when i opened my package! All of the balls were mixed. Nota pone color os completely on its own. Better packaging needed.
"I have orange, somewhat streaked legs after using this one time.  I LOVE Dove energy glow, but they stopped making it and now you can only find it at outrageous prices.  I am on the hunt to find the next best thing and this is not it."
This didn't work for me.
I used for 2 months and saw no results or change in skin firmness
It's not as easy to use as they make it look on TV.It didn't work for me it does not go smooth.
"My husband has tried 4 of the axe hair styling products, he was not thrilled with this. It's dust you put into your roots and style. He has a ton of thick hair and it was not for him at all. He also said it feel awkward to put in and he didn't know how much he should have put in, but regardless he didn't like the end result."
This perfume is very strong and pungent if that's what you are looking for.  The smell remains very much the same from the time you spray it on and after 45 minutes or whatever (it doesn't seem to be other top note with this perfume).  When I spray this behind my ears I get a slight headache till it settled a bit.  Now I am using it by spraying behind my knees only.I have been using the Gardenia & Tuberose from Estee Lauder private collection for some years and I constantly been asked &#34;what perfume are you using?&#34;  So far it remains as my favorite.
the colors were all mix ..not really cute
I've been using this for over a month and I see nothing different. I don't know if it's my complexion or just me. It may not be for black people. But I would not buy this not do I care for it. It's also sticky and the smell could be better.
I just can't figure out how to get these to stay on my fingers straight - the gel makes curved nails instead of straight once dried in the LED UV
"I normally love TIGI products and have a few other hair products that I have been using for a long time.  I decided to give this shampoo and conditioner a try after reading that it is good for dry hair.  I have naturally wavy, course hair that I straighten twice a week (normally with a flat iron), and the heat has taken it's toll on my poor hair.  I was really excited to give this stuff a try after reading the good reviews.The shampoo and conditioner smell delicious...like it should be a candy or cocktail!  However, the shampoo doesn't leave my hair feeling clean at all.  It actually makes my hair feel greasy WHILE I'm washing it and makes my scalp really flakey and gross once I'm out of the shower.  Not sure why...maybe I'm allergic to something that's in it, or I just got a bad bottle of shampoo, but I've never had this reaction with anything else I've ever used on my hair...ever!So I tried experimenting to find out if it was just me and maybe the cold, dry air in the winter months, or if it was the shampoo/conditioner that was causing the flakes.  I switched back to my old shampoo/conditioner, and my hair/scalp went back to normal again!  The next time I washed my hair, I tried my old shampoo, with this TIGI conditioner (on the ends only) and my hair seemed fine.  Then back to the TIGI shampoo/conditioner, and my scalp was gross again.  So, apparently it's just the shampoo that's the problem, and the conditioner seems to be ok as long as I don't massage it in my scalp.I plan on using my old shampoo and the TIGI conditioner till it runs out, and will try something else next time.  Too bad! :("
"I can't believe I fell for a late night infommercial. I'm so glad I was at least smart enough to buy this through Amazon so I wouldn't be sucked into the monthly delivery program, because this stuff is A-W-E-F-U-L. I gave it 3 seperate tries, using the recommended amount of pumps (which seems like wayyyyyyyyy too much) & my hair still somehow came out each time way more dry & brittle than before. To make matters worse, on the second day (I have long hair so I only wash every 2-3 days), my hair is BEYOND greasy, gross, limp, weighed down... I couldn't do anything with it but put it in a ponytail and even then it looked like I hadn't had a shower in weeks! One of the biggest wastes of money I have ever been guilty of. STAY AWAY!"
"While it smells like shea, it is mostly mineral oil, as others have mentioned. Both my wife and I tried it, and we both found it very oilly, especially my wife. She used very little and her hair looked like it hadn't been washed in days. It did wash out, and my scalp did feel smoother....but then, I could have bought mineral oil and probably gotten the same results. As other reviewers mentioned, I found this a little misleading. I also did not like the instructions.....there really weren't any. My wife agrees. Pass."
"Pros: Very little goes a long way, so apply sparingly. At first it feels oily, but once it's rubbed in and left to dry it's imperceptible. No residue. Light fragrance, dissipates quickly. No allergic reaction.Cons: I used this product faithfully twice a day for five days. Even when looking into a magnifying mirror I can't see a difference in fine lines, age spots, or anything. Maybe I could give it more time, but they said better looking skin in five days."
i have been trying all sorts of organic hair products and it's such as shame that there aren't very many good ones - this one included. it doesn't do anything for my hair. just tends to feel dry in the end. i would not purchase this conditioner again.
Seems to be very very small and tight. Also when I received it in the mail a few of the pearls had feel off of it. Now I am scared that when I glue it back on the glue will get on the metal and look dull and crappy
"I usually have no problems with Johnson's Baby product but the formulation for the Baby's natural wash dried out my skin, to where it flaked in patches.  But this is not my only complaint for starters the bottle pump is not at all sturdy for a plastic dispenser, the pump broke off after unlocking it the second time, then there is the amount of product that can be dispensed from the pump, a light foam that disintegrates quickly, forcing you to pump out more product.  That is not economical and would probably make you use more of the product than what is recommended.  If that is the case then using it on baby is not good because as much as possible you want to limit concentration of soaps to their sensitive and developing skin.  Below is the list of ingredients in the Product:Water, Decyl Glucoside, Polyglycerl-10 Laurate, Cocoglycerides, Sodium Coco-Sulfate, Coco-Glucoside, Glyceryl Oleate, Sodium Benzoate, Cetyl Hydroxyethylcellulose, Xanthum Gum, Fragrance, Citric Acid, Sodium HydroxideThose are normally found in washes, including the washes and soaps from Whole Foods, but I know that citric acid can cause drying or irritate skin depending on how you react to it.  Sodium Benzoate can cause hyperactivity, so it is mostly a consumer choice if they want to use this."
"This dry shampoo has an extremely strong and unpleasant odor to me and it doesn't really fade much after it dries. Hours later I'm still getting whiffs of it and quite frankly, it's so bad I sort of feel nauseated by it to the point where I needed to go wash my hair. I prefer the Batiste brand. It works just as well and there are many scents to choose from.This did work for me. I sprayed it on, scrunched and arranged my hair to suit me then waited until it dried and sprayed just a small amount of hair spray and I was ready to go. I just wish the scent didn't disagree with me so much."
Completed the entire bolete but didn't see any change my nails were still weak and my hair didn't shoe any signs of growth
"*Disclosure: I was contacted by a rep for BelleSha and provided a free sample for the purposes of giving my thoughts on it.*&lt;sigh>  I don't like giving one star reviews.  But this item sits among the worst of things I've come across.  It was falling apart from the moment I got it out of the bag - pumice stone fell out.  Putting it back in as best I could, it worked until I first attempted to use it, upon which the adhesive holding the stone to the plate which holds to the flexible body of the scrubber (can you see the flaw in this design?) let go and forever released to the stone into the wild.  Though the Scrubber has 18 small suction cups on the bottom, they are too shallow to get a real grip on the floor of my shower.  They utterly fail to hold the Scrubber in place.  Nice try BelleSha, but no one should buy this product."
"This color seriously sucks. Don't be fooled by the initial color when you put this polish on (which isn't that great anyway!) because in a few hours (maybe even minutes) it is going to fade to this disgusting, discolored beige/gray/jaundice yellow tone that will repel and gross out everyone in your life. &#34;Medieval Madness&#34;?? More like &#34;Crack Den&#34; or &#34;Smack Sauce&#34; or &#34;Jaundice with a Side of Filth&#34;"
"My sister first recommended this mascara to me years ago and I used to like it but the last couple I've used flaked everywhere and ended all over my face....what's happened to this product???? Leave well enough alone and if it's not broke, don't fix it!!!!"
"The dotting side works perfectly fine, but the brush sucks! Definitely not worth almost $7.00. It does not clean excess polish very well because the hairs are too brittle. It's uneven, which means you cant paint tips because it does not clean up good. I think I would have rather paid a little more money for something better than this. Would not recommend."
"I've received the defective items that did not match the item as it has described. For example, first, it says &#34;8pcs Pro Pink Make up Brushes Set with Case&#34;, but my order of 2 sets of this products did not have cases; second, they were NOT same brushes showing on the pictures at all. I'm very disappointing for this order."
"I decided to try this since I am always looking for a great foundation.  I wasn't too impressed at all.  The texture is kind of dry like a mousse but thicker and harder to rub in.  So I intially put on a foundation base before putting this on and then proceeded to rub this in on top.  It was kind of hard to even rub into my skin and it seemed to flake off a little bit around my hairline, and on a side note  I had just put a lotion on after my shower so my skin was not dry at all.  After I finally rubbed it all in, my face looked kind of dry and just blah!  It had a kind of matte finish too it but with a little bit of a caked on look, and I did not even use much I just had a little on my foundation brush.  The color was a little too light for my skin and appeared lighter then it looked in the jar.  I would think this would work best for someone who has oily skin because it does give a shine free finish.  Overall, won't be buying it again.  Not really worth the price in my opinion.  I had to add a darker powder foundation over it just so I could run up to do some grocery shopping without looking like my skin was so dead!"
"Not good for minorities or people with smaller heads. it didnt fit the shape of my head, so I had to trim it, and it looked off from the rest of my hair. didnt look real."
Very low quality! I got what I've payed for! They are too rough  and almost unusable for me. Just scissors are normal
"Contained within the box is a vibrating handle with a circle on one end, upon which a cleansing pad is secured (it's velcro).  There is one month's worth of pads in the box (12).  There's also a pair of AA batteries, which is convenient and will get you started right out of the box.But I haven't seen any particular benefit in using the product, which claims to provide luminous smoother skin and an overall younger appearance.  It takes kind of a long time - you're supposed to rub the vibrating pad into each area of your face for a couple minutes at a time.  The vibration is quite vigorous and while not painful, it's not what I would call especially pleasant.  Plus it causes my eyes to vibrate - actually causing a ""shimmer"" to my vision when I am holding the thing anywhere below my forehead.  Speaking of forehead, the pad foams up a bit and cleansing fluid starts to drip down and can get in your eyes.I am not a particularly ""metro"" kind of guy, though there's no reason any guy shouldn't try this if they want their skin rejuvenated.  The reason I mention not being really ""into"" this kind of thing, is that I can't recommend an alternative - all I can say is that I haven't seen the results this thing was supposed to provide.  I had my wife use it for a week, but she stopped because each time it left her with very red - somewhat irritated - skin for hours afterward.  Not recommended for people with sensitive skin, that seemed clear from her experience.The amount of pads to start with is pretty paltry - a dozen pads?  They're gone in a month's time and you have to reorder.  They could've at least put in three months worth to get started with."
"This pencil, while not a total loss is NOT worth what I paid at all. First of all when the tip went dull, after only a few uses too, I had a heck of a time trying to sharpen the stupid thing without breaking the tip completely off  so after finally getting what looked like a usable point without splinters, half the pencil was gone! They could have at least included a sharpener or directions on how to sharpen the thing on the box...Ok,  the product itself, meh...it looked nice when I first put it on but once I blended it a little it looked like nothing was even there anymore and had no affect. So tried again with a primer, same thing, looked like it disappeared into my skin..You can get a much nicer eye brightening affect with some pink concealer or just some strategically placed white eye liner, like NYX, which I use now for half the price and it actually works."
"I ordered this expecting to receive what was shown, and that was not the case at all. FIrstly, the designs were nothing close to the ones pictured. Second, I received a severely damaged container that looked like someone literally stomped on it and shipped it! there were only at least 20 or so usable pieces in the whole thing, the others were chipped or not there due to the packaging being broken (must have fallen during shipping, im guessing.)It seems like a good deal but save ur money. You'd be better off purchasing whole fimo canes instead. That way you know what ur getting (depending if its listed) and are able to make the slices yourself, as to avoid chips and slices missing. Also, I contacted the seller, sent the photo they requested of this item (i know, considering the low price, right?!) and nver received a response after that. Horrible customer service."
"Check out the dates, title headers, and all the words are almost exactly the same.  I ALMOST fell for it several times, but I always watch the bad reviews to find out the reality is these ARE FAKE REVIEWS&#62;  they will probably lose a lot of business because of it.  Pretty shady.  Many products are doing this now, so watch for reviews elsewhere before delving in.BEWARE."
"I quote:  ""This creamy natural body wash is infused with jojoba beads, so it exfoliates while you cleanse.""Infused? Really? Uhh, No.At first I thought the beads might have settled to the bottle while sitting on the shelf or something, so I kept shaking it and even had it sitting upside down ready for my next shower.But really it turns out that they only put about 5 jojoba beads in each bottle. Which is wierd because Burts usually does a really good job on thier products. There really is not any exfoliating going on here unless you are squeezing it out onto a loofah and washing with it that way. Which is what I am doing now. The milky base for the body wash is ok. So with the loofah it will still be worth using the rest of the bottle. But even then the wash almost smells a bit too perfumy for a natural based product, otherwise I might have given it at least 3 stars.The irony is that the small polished jojoba beads would have been perfect for their Willow Bark face scrub which, unfortunatly is the only only other Burt's Bees product that I have been disenchanted with on account of the overly harsh and sharp Peach Stone bits that would have been much better suited for this body product!"
"I have this a shot, but was not impressed. it didn't make my skin any worse, but it also didn't make any improvement. I've heard this works much better for people with very oily or at least non-sensitive skin. I've noticed that I only respond to organic products, so that could be the reason it didn't work for me.I realize the advertisements for this product line are convincing, but honesty you'd be better off with juice beauty (makes your skin softer than you can imagine), or even just Purpose, which is available at the drug store and can be used as many times a day as you want. If you're unsure after reading this review, then give Proactiv a try. At the very least, it won't make your skin worse, and motivates you to wash your face more times per day."
"PSST made a small improvement, but no where near what I was used to with Tresemme's dry shampoo line.  Tresemme Dry Shampoo is MUCH better.  Tresemme made my thin oily hair ACTUALLY look just washed.I don't understand the 5-star reviews saying this PSST stuff is &#34;great&#34; even though it doesn't make your hair look washed.  That's the point of dry shampoo - to make your hair look washed!  If it doesn't do its job, don't give it 5 stars!2 stars for effort, and because I got a $2 coupon and only had to pay 4.99.  If I had paid 7$ I'd be angry."
"I purchased this with a pack of other Britney Spears perfumes at Kohl's on Black Friday a few years ago. I have to say, this was by far the worst perfume of the four I purchased. It reminded me of going to the mall and passing through various perfume sections; it just smells like a stock old lady perfume. Her other perfumes are at least unique; this one screams generic. If you're seeking out this particular one, you're wasting your time. I'm sure you can find a ton just like it at JC Penny or Macy's."
I have very dry mature skin and this did not work for me at all. When you first put it on it absorbs very well but leaves your skin feeling tight and dull. Continued to use it for a week and then threw it away.
"I have used this both by itself as well as in a combination with theSamy Fat Hair ""0"" Calories Thickening Conditioner 10 fl oz (300 ml)and theSamy Fat Hair Thickening Creme 5.25 Fl Oz / 155 Ml (Pack of 2).  Of these three products, this is the only Fat Hair product I'm certain I will not be ordering again.First, it doesn't clean my hair, at all.  I don't mind that it doesn't lather as that really doesn't relate to the cleaning ability, but this leaves my hair kind of oily-looking, therefore requiring me to shampoo with a different shampoo prior to using this.Second, there is no difference in my hair's appearance if I use this alone or combined with the other two products.  If it doesn't clean my hair and I can't tell if it's made any difference in the thickness of my hair, there's really no point in my buying this again.  It's a pity, as I was very optimistic when I ordered this due to the other excellent reviews.I suspect that most people get the ""thickness"" in their hair from the Thickening Creme and maybe a bit from the Thickening Conditioner.  They rate the shampoo rather well because they use it as part of the complete system and don't realize they'd get the exact same benefits if they didn't use the shampoo at all,instead only using the other products."
"Not even close to my gold standard Oribe any type shampoo and conditioner, I think I bought it in mistake of recommended by my sons hair stylist Pureology purple bottle color treated line, my son  using them, its ok, would never buy it again"
"I did not find this product to work all that well.  I have waist length fine, thick hair and noticed very little difference after using this product.  I did notice the smell.  And because my hair is so long and swings and sways when I move that stench was noticeable.  I asked a friend to take a whiff of my hair and she said, &#34;thank goodness you have to get really close to smell it, because it smells weird.&#34;  The foul smell won't be all that noticeable in the local landfill."
"This prouduct arrived ob time but looked used and I removed the film from the 5 disks it came with took out the stamper, plate holder, and scrapper. I read the directions and then tried it out for myself. I was a terrible mess dosnt work I might use an old gift card like previous customers requested."
"The product, proving contradictory to its initial statement, is not transparent. Although I do not have dark skin, this would definitely make dark skin look ashy. I am an experienced primer user, and this is one of the worst I have used. It creases easily and does not work that well. The price, however, is exceedingly exceptional. If you are willing to cope with the primer's performance, give it a shot."
As others have mentioned. Hot is barely warm. Does not dry well. Returning for refund. Very disappointed in this dryer.
"ALL of these are CHEAP!!! i was so excited to get these because there are so many!! but i have only had them for a few months and have already had to throw two away! i dont use them often, but after one use i had to throw away one of them because it just fell apart!!!!!! this set is definitely not worth the money! delivery was ok, and packaging was alright.. but i still would never buy again!"
"I've worn out two pair of these lashes just trying to get them on properly.I've read web pages, watched videos, and tried dozens of times to get them on, and get them to stay.  I've tried rolling them around my finger or a makeup brush to get more curve in the inside edge.  I've trimmed them to make sure they fit.They will not stay on.  After loads of practice, because I hadn't used falsies before, I finally got them to stick.  I had the typical problem:  They wouldn't stay put in the corners.But finally, finally, one day I got them to stick and had applied them so nearly perfectly I don't believe anyone would notice they're not my eyelashes.  They looked marvelous. The lashes really are pretty gorgeous.  I proceeded to tidy my vanity, and five minutes later I glanced at the mirror.  They were coming off.  I looked like Carol Burnett doing Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard.And that's the day I threw in the towel.  I've determined one or both of the following is true:  I lack the skills necessary to apply false eyelashes, or my eyelids are too round for these lashes.  I won't be buying them again.  I may try another brand."
This stuff is just weird.  It is not very exfoliating as there is very little grit in it.  It is more like a sweet smelling mud.  I much prefer the Alba brand exfoliant made with sea algae.
"So, again, in a bleary eyed shop-a-thon I must have thought spending $38 for a product.... which is 96-98% magik water.....was a good deal? So, yes, after googling numerous Japanese language websites (and horrifically/humorously translated partner websites) it turns out I bought water. Yep. And then paid to have this miracle product shipped from Japan? Wow. Talk about carbon footprint. I'll be paying for that for my next five lives. It's water with some polymer goo pieces which, when rubbed on your skin form little rolly-balls of white stuff. The insanely more gullible online believe this to be their skin, why, deconstructing and renewing before their very eyes. Apparently reading them the ingredient list does not convince them. Girls, if your skin was ACTUALLY PEELING OFF YOU WOULD BE EXPERIENCING 3RD DEGREE BURN. Please trust me. It is not your skin. It is the polymers in the water/gel substance designed to stabilize and/or provide some &#34;friction&#34; so that when we fools rub this magik water on our faces it seems like &#34;something&#34; is happening. Good grief. I CAN NOT believe I fell for this. Sugar coma. Only explanation. Sorry, Charlie. DEFINITELY would not recommend (and not worth the hassle to return)."
Bought this at a beauty store and it burns your eyes and lids. It's hard and when it dries feels like plastic
"useless, absolutely useless. Maybe I expect wonders. And again, as much as I fall for all these promising products I can't find anything that helps. And this product just came on my list. Sorry."
"I've written off Barielle as the most high priced gimmick products I've ever tried.  This doesn't do a darned thing.  It's greasy, oily, and if it worked, I'd deal with it, but it does nothing.  I'm sick that I spent the money.  Don't spend yours on this.  There's another product sold here on Amazon called Carmichel's Cuticle Cream.  I've used that for 20 years or so and it does work.  I was experimenting again, and I should know better.  So I bought two little tubs of Carmichaels (or Carmichel's) and my nails are better again.  I just don't know how this brand stays in business.  They won't be getting mine again, that's for sure."
I give it a one star because in my personal opinion it does not work. such a waist of money. The item was defective. The squishy part  was like falling apart.
"Check the ingredients, do your research. One of them is Methyl paraben combines benzoic acid with the methyl group of chemicals... Highly toxic, you don't want to be letting parabens absorb in your face! And anything with unnatural coloring and fragrance is really not good for your face."
This was just a little too strong for my skin type and just left my skin &#34;red&#34;.  I won't be purchasing again.
They had came earlier than expected but they all looked the same size but they worked beautifully. but the bad this is that they are glued on so they break easily and fast so i would not recommend this product.
If you have excessive dry skin do not use this.  The peel dries your skin out more.  I found my skin was sensitive and it darken my skin.A.L.
"I dont know if I used this wrong.  It says it's supposed to boost Collagen and I expected some tingling , but it hurt and I didnt even use to mush pressure.  Unless You are a Professional I would not get it."
"I put this on and within 5 minutes my face was burning like the fire of Gihenna!  I was at a water park, so within a few minutes and a splash to the face, my eyeballs were also on fire.  I could feel my lips swelling around the edges.  I ran and washed my face in the bathroom, but it didn't help... the burning was like a chemical burn that needed to be neutralized.  I ended up having to go to the first aid booth and have my face washed with a good strong soap, before the burning and swelling stopped.  I was fine after a few minutes... but I will NEVER, and I do mean NEVER use this crap on my face again.  I guess the 40 terrible ingredients weren't a  big enough warning.  I'm so glad I didn't put this on my children.  I know that people react differently to products, but seriously... even if you don't burn and swell, your liver will still have issues filtering out these poisons.  Great rule of thumb:  the less ingredients the better and 2.)If you can't pronounce it, don't eat it, or put it on your skin."
"I think this is the first product I have ever purchased where I was completely confused by all of the positive reviews becuase I really hate this mascera! The brush is really weird and I don't understand how it would ever work well for anyone. The first time I put this on, ALL IT DID WAS CLUMP. My lashes became three big gross clumps of mascera-lash grossness. I tried washing the brush with hot water and it worked well immediately after I did that.. But again, the next time, all it did was clump. Then I tried washing it again, thinking ""okay, at least it looks nice when I do this so I guess this is not a big inconvenience"" but the washing trick only worked the one time! It has looked horrible every time I have used it, except one. It even makes my bottom lashes clump together which is absurd. Maybe the mascera I was sent is really old or messed up somehow but I have thrown it away and am disappointed that I wasted my money.. Worst mascera I have ever purchased!"
"This product is nothing like it advertises.  It does not add a thicker look nor does it spread evenly.  If you use it you will have to apply two coats and not allowing the first coat to dry as it will then clump.I was excited to receive the product earlier then promised, but then disappointed that it is not at all as advertised."
I imagine it'll work if you wore it long enough and if you can only breathe thru your mouth. Good gravy!
This product was a nice color. It's an adequate size. It's bulky. I have no idea if it protects with the RFID.
they dont work ..I didnt like them
"I've come across this product a few times, but never purchased it because every time I give it a trial run, I'm just not that impressed. It's a sheer brownish-berry lipstick, which is pretty, but I can get the same effect by applying lipbalm and then lightly using a dark lipstick over it. Although I'm Caucasian, I frequently use this application method with darker lipsticks marketed to African-American women. I get some lovely sheer stained effects. You can also use Revlon's Raisin Rage or Blackberry or Black Cherry lipsticks over balm for a Black Honey dupe. In fact, the Clinique product doesn't work as well as my homespun versions. It lasts maybe an hour tops, feels thin and drying to my lips, and I consider a .07-ounce product for almost $20 to be a ripoff."
"used it just as directed, but didnt appear to do anything.  i know i have little pores, but nothing??? first time using a product like this, wont be wasting any more money. . .. ."
"Thought the price was right for a 5-pack, but sometimes you just need to spend a little more.  These are way too tight, but still somehow managed to not stay in place, I suppose due to the fabric.  Can't recommend."
This product isn't great. For thick hair it is completely worthless. For thin hair it works decently. Some people love it but I don't!
"did not come with any information at all just a business card, packaging was less then desirable, it was taped like a 6 year old did it- the lid does not fit and the heat made it melt and leak every where, NOT HAPPY NOT AT ALL........OH AND THE ONLY REASON I GAVE IT A STAR IS CAUSE I HAD TO.. :("
"I got them in january 2014 and tried to to bleach them. Its not real hair or it would have bleached. Super thin hair, falls out of the stitching and feels like straw. It also fried up and like melted when I tried to use a heating tool to style my hair!. Dont buy! Do not buy!!!!!"
"This product does NOT have enough pigment for my taste to make it justifiable. It doesn't &#34;read&#34; well. It takes quite a bit to even be noticeable. I would skip E.L.F. and go with another company's blush. Sorry to the makers, but it needs another formula before it will succeed. There are so many options."
"I purchased this and the coordinating face wash.  My face was dry beyond belief after using the two together.  Naturally, I thought it was the face wash that was drying my skin, but one day I decided not to use this moisturizer and instead use my Cerave moisturizer, and my skin was perfect.  this moisturizer burns my skin and burns my eye area (I am used to using a moisturizer that I can slap over my entire face including the eye area). In addition, after applying I still felt my skin was dry.  It's winter time and my skin is more dry than in the warmer months.  I am on medication for adult acne (Tazorac gel and Aczone gel), and I have combination skin.  I have an oily T-zone but normal to dry cheek and eye area.  I usually use Bare Escentuals moisturizer for normal to dry skin.  I have found that if I apply my Cerave moisturizer first then apply this on top I get the level of moisturization that I need.  I will continue to use this because my dermatologist recommended I use SPF 30 or higher when not wearing Bare Minerals makeup (that has SPF 25) because I am getting hypigmentation on my face.  she specifically recommended this brand because of the oil control properties.  I am guessing I will like it a little better in the summer months.  In short, I love the cleanser, but the moisturizer........I could do without it."
"I have begun to use shea butter a year ago, I was introduced to it. It happened around a good time, where my skin was drying out and my hair was falling out. The summer came around and it melted in the sun, then I put it in my hair and on my skin, and my skin stopped becoming dry, and my hair stopped falling out. But the product with the same content I used, was way more expensive. I have ordered from this seller once,and will order again, it came very qickly and the price is a steal compared to another company I used to use. I can now microwave it make it soft like clany and then trasfer it to any container size I want to, I recommend this product for anyone, who has dry, curly hair and dry skkin.UPDATE :I had purchased another 5 lbs again and this batch really sucks !!!! Suddenly my face is burning and I cannot use it. It seems like something is mixed in it and it smells different. I do not think I will order from them again. I am so disappointed."
"I bought this elsewhere and tried it today. 1st: I cannot get 2 fingers in one band in order to put it in my hair. Finally, I manage do get one on. 1hour later it was not there. I have not made a purchase with such negativity in a long time. I expect this on products made in THAT communist country. However, it must be terribly difficult to make these so poorly."
"I have not seen any difference. I saw one of the reviews saying that even her fine lines were disappearing, but to me, nothing is happening but letting my check bones a little red. It is also oily, so it gave me acne after 12 days wearing it."
I love the Olay exfoliating cleansing cloths that you put under water and lather up.  I thought these would be similar but they're not.  These are pre-moistened cloths and I do not feel any exfoliation at all.  They are more like general makeup removing wipes but they are not moistened enough to be gentle on the skin.  I like Olay products but won't buy these again.
"I purchased this from the local beauty supply store because I hoped I would be one of those people who experienced wild hair growth. Nope, nothing outside of the usual growth. The smell is not horrible like some people claim. The oil is very good for sealing in moisture because it is somewhat thick. I would not purchase it again and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to a friend."
I'm still waiting for my product.  Ebay has these sam studs for only a dollar free shipping and for 1000 pieces
Again these items in the container did not stay in place and create a mess when she is trying to use them she lost a lot of them when they fall into the carpeting
"I bout this to try as I'd heard great things about Vermont Soaps.  It's not worth it. I know make my own hand soap.  I bought a couple of foam dispensers, put straight castile soap in them (Dr Bronner's) with about half water and they work great!"
loved the color but it did not last more than an hour. About me: I have oily skin and medium to fair skin...pro:exact color indicated ....inexpensive....well i will try the relvon brand before i go to the higher end ones.
"I have no idea how people use this.. I tried, but to no avail. It didn't successfully remove ANY hair."
"To be fair, I am somewhat younger, meaning old enough to have larger pores, lines around the mouth and eyes, and some frown lines on the forehead (thanks kids!), but not a candidate for botox (realistically) - and I never get ID'd anymore.This kit consists of 5 gooey freddy looking masks and a 0.5 oz tube of tightening cream to be used before your moisturizer. The masks were a real problem for me - you are supposed to wear them for about 10 minutes or until the product is absorbed. The first day, it took forty minutes to absorb. The chin strips wouldn't stay up - I spent a good ten minutes just trying to get the whole thing all on LOL. I also didn't find the mask fit me very well - it didn't rest around my nose, so I am not sure my eyes really got the benefit.You use the tightening cream in the mornings only for the 1st 5 days and then morning and night thereafter. I have given it two weeks. Honestly, I see nothing nor feel anything like you can with other tightening products. Possibly some tightening under my eyes, however even this is not as good as the caffeinated MACS eye rescue cream that I normally use. I will give it a star for MAYBE working there.Bottom line: Neither product really bothered me - no rashes or dryness. Neither do anything for dry skin or moisturizing (nor do they claim to). However, I just can't recommend this product based on lack of results. Your mileage may vary."
"This is not a good BB cream or foundation. It is rather thick, shows all of your pores because it just gets plastered all over them without concealing anything. My face looked rather unnatural and uneven after this. Not a good choice."
"I am black with 3c type hair.this leave in is not for me, leaves a stinky/dry feeling in my hairit also has alcohol as a main ingredient"
"I just received this today and tried it.  I really like the application (hence 2 stars) - a quick 2 coats gave me maximum opacity.  The color?  I was hoping for a bright turquoise based on reviews, but this color is an extremely dull turquoise in my opinion and is definitely not great.  It's darker than the picture and is much more of a medium-green in person than what the picture presents (light blue-green).  I love the application, but I do not like this color.  I doubt I will ever use it.  I've already taken it off and have already purchased Essie's Mint Candy Apple to replace this."
"I really wanted a kaolin clay masque and this one had good reviews. However, I was not impressed with it. For one, the tea tree oil in it burns my skin. It feels very unpleasant to have on and I can barely sit with it until it dries without tearing up from the burning sensation. When I take the masque off my face feels rough and bumpy and not actually all that clean. The last kaolin masque I used, which was just kaolin clay and water, made my skin really soft and smooth. This did not. It didn't break me out, but it didn't help existing breakouts or improve the quality of my skin. The cleaner your pores are, the smaller they look (to a limit). This didn't make any visible difference in them. I will use it up because it does make my face somewhat cleaner, but I won't be repurchasing."
"There is one spot on my scalp that has lost some hair due to stress. It hasn't really bothered me much but since this was an option from vine i figured why not. So far i have seen no improvement on the area after 1 month. It says it can take up to 3-4 months before i see any results, which is kind of counterproductive since vine only gives us 1 month to write a review for a product...why offer a product that we can't give the recommended amount of time to use? i have gone to my doctor for the hair loss and i was able to get a prescription through my insurance for the copay which was much cheaper than what this would have costed. My advice, go see a doctor."
"I guess you get what you pay for.  I was attracted to the cheap price of this particular argan oil product. But now I wish I had stuck to my regular brand.  This one is not as rich/thick or dare I say, ""pure"" in my opinion.  This looks and feels like cheap mineral oiI.  This does not moisturize or absorb as it should.  It does not even smell like argan oil. (Read the review I wrote on Aura cacia Argan oil) And this product is packaged in a plastic bottle.  I prefer my Argan oil packaged in an dark amber glass bottle.  I  just know I will not be purchasing this one again."
"I purchased this never used it, it came broke an leaking i open the package and the smell was so strong it almost knocked me out, it made me nauseaed and dizzy. it may work great but i sent mine back asap i couldnt take the smell."
"It's far too expensive for what little it does.  I purchased this at my local Rite Aid for $25, as well as a collagen St. Ives product for $6...intending to choose between the two.  I chose the St. Ives because the Youth Code didn't seem to moisturize my skin AT ALL.  I had dry, itchy, flaky skin all over my face while I used it (about 3-4 days).  Sometimes, my skin felt raw the next day.  I don't like this Youth Code nonsense, it seems like I wasted my money."
"I enjoy facial wipes- usually a quick ways get your makeup off when you are too  lazy or tired to wash.These wipes however, were horrible.The material is rough and abrasive.It's like trying to exfoliate your face with sand paper.In addition the wipes are not porous- so they on't feel ""wet"" enough.My skin is oily and  tough, and these were too rough for me.If you have delicate or sensitive skin, do not  not use these.Also way too abrasive for the eye area.I cannot recommend these at ll."
"The REMINGTON ULTIMATE STYLIST TEARDROP WAND is useless.  I have shoulder length layered hair, and for the most part, that means I can wrap my hair around the wand only once.  That leaves my hair sticking out in weird directions and my ends uncurled.  I did try winding my hair to the ends and holding them with the included &#34;heat resistant&#34; glove, but the glove is not that heat resistant!  This iron is HOT, and I burned my fingers almost immediately.  The instructions say to try different heat settings, but the REMINGTON ULTIMATE STYLIST TEARDROP WAND does not have any setting other than on and off.  I cannot understand why Remington would produce this product without a clip.  The REMINGTON ULTIMATE STYLIST TEARDROP WAND is hot and dangerous without one."
"I know it's Prada, but the name is not enough to sell me on this perfume. I don't think this scent at all lives up to expectation. It smells like a blend of Bath & Body Works fruity lotion and Love's Baby Soft. If that's your thing, I say go for it. If not, you are probably like me and expected a heck of a lot more from Prada."
Stick with the solid blender cleaner; this doesn't even produce much lather and the bottle is terrible!!  All the reviews that say the bottle is a piece of junk are correct - I should have listened and am sorry I bought this anyway.  You need to be the Hulk to squeeze this bottle.  It's like glass.  I can't believe what they're charging for this and they can't even invest in a user-friendly bottle.  Do yourself a favor and either buy the solid version or make your own DIY formula at home!
Stung and burned my face. Definitely not a repurchase. :-(
Reeeeally small container and I received about 15 of each color. Big let down. Next time I will check who its shipped from. Hong Kong is such a rip off. Going to the craft store
Find a fresh out of college girl to dye and tone it for you because this s*** is unhealthy and you can go wrong with it very easily!
"I made the mistake to apply this on top of a blemish I had - worst mistake of my life!! The pimple dried out, but I now have a permanent ugly scar that wasn't there before the peel! I usually use lighter (glycolic) peels all the time and never had this happened to me before. I guess since TCA peels are so strong they should NOT be used on acne blemishes. Only use this if you have a clear face without any blemishes. Be careful!"
"Got it today and all the pieces were the same size, not like the picture and description says. Disappointed in that big time. and two areas were empty. and the rest had from 2 to 10 pieces. very disappointed in that. the price was cheap and that's what this is, CHEAP. Don't bother buying it. better to go to a nail store and actually see in person what you are getting. Will never buy nail items online again."
This product didn't work as the Seller describe.I made several attempt after letting it dry between coats; This product just did not take after a numerous attempts. Don't waste your time and money
I was very hopeful with the reviews but I have to say I tried it and it does nothing for me. I was very disappointed by this product.
This product IMMEDIATELY broke and pieces went flying before I could even put it on my head.  Don't waste your money!!!  I would give it negative stars if I could!
"I've purchased the Naughty Travel kit before and I loved it so much I decided to get this full set of brush.I purchased it in September, I was excited when I first got them, I washed them before using them and right away I started having problems with a couple of them.-Large Powder Brush: it started bleeding, i washed it a couple of times but the bleeding didn't stop. It stained my towels when I dried them.-Large Duo Fiber Brush: after washing it and drying it the black bristles would bleed through the white tip, the customer service told me to wash it with half teaspoon vinegar and water, I did but that didn't stop it from bleeding through again. So I had to toss it in the trash and use my travel size.-Large Angle Contour Brush: this was my favorite brush, it fits my cheeks for contouring and blush but it sheds like crazy! That was annoying.-Pencil Brush: this also was one of my favorite brush, but again a lot of shedding.Overall the rest of the brushes are fine, they get the job done, but I was disappointed with this set, I was so pleased with the travel kit and I thought this was one would be a better quality. I wouldn't repurchase this again."
"I've used a few black polishes and expected better from this one, but it's the ONLY one I've used that actually chipped off.  I'm currently using China Glaze."
"Please no one should compare this with Seche Vite....this is no where near as superior as that is... This does NOT dry as fast, look as nice...its also yellows and makes nails look dull after a couple of days. I wont be repurchasing."
"The color didn't seem to fit my to me at all, very orangish on my fair skin. The texture was also greasy and left a shiny film on my face. Will not be purchasing again."
I don't get these things?  What's all the fuss?  They don't even look cool.  Mine have already stretched out and don't hold a good form at all.  I think I'll stick with scrunchies:)
"I really didn't like this scent - and am surprised, as I am a HUGE Pink Sugar fan. This scent is not very sweet, so if sweet is what you seek, stick with the regular Pink Sugar perfume."
"This was way too dark for me, but that is what i get for buying makeup online. I can't expect perfection without even seeing the makeup."
"I tried this product on my 12 year old sons hair.The pros: love how the packaging was secure and easy to open. I also loved how they had a pictorial ""how to"" on the inside of the cap.The cons: even using the amount indicated, the product made my son's hair look greasy and unwashed. If that's the look you're going for, then so be it. But it just didn't do it for us. Also the product is very thick and grips your hair when you put it in, practically ripping your hair out if your not careful. He let his hair air dry-the product may work better on blown dried hair.I wouldn't buy it myself, and I'd suggest using half the amount indicated.2.5 stars"
"I bought the hot spot about three months ago to use on the occasional bothersome zit. I actually saw fair results - nothing crazy. It relieved the pressure of a nodule more than anything, which was helpful. My main beef with the product is that it will not even turn on now. I have probably used it a total of 15ish times over the past three months. There is not a reset button or any batteries to change. I'm disappointed as I really had high hopes for this product! Skip it and find something more reliable."
"It's too bad.  I loved this product when I first used it.  Stearyl glycyrrhetinate:  ester of stearyl alcholol and glycyrrhetinic acid.  Stearyl alcohol:  Stenol.  A mixture of solid alcohols prepared from sperm whale oil.  Unctuous, white flakes, insoluble in water, soluble in alcohol, to obtain a firmer product at ordinary temperatures.  Used in pharmaceuticals, cosmetic creams, for emulsions, as an antifoam ingredient, and a lubricant; also in depilatories, hair inses, and shampoos."
"I got this along with an Aria Clarisonic thinking and hoping it would be the perfect combinationbut it was just not for me.I have been using for 30 days now and my acne has gotten worse actually, i dont usually get a lotof acne but now i have more zits.I gave it 2 stars because the product seem to be of good quality when i used them but again, it justmade my situation worse.I will be trying Dermalogica once im done with this kit (i think the bottles have 2 weeks left of use in them)And will update!"
"It's almost like regular tangle teezer, but without low level of pins, smaller, and less convenient to use. Besides, you can buy a tangle teezer or its analogs for $5 anywhere, so this thing is nothing special in comparison, and doesn't do a better job. The pins are too short to give a good massage to a head with longer hair or lots of hair. May be it will work for somebody with short hair. Besides, the image shows a nice platina color, and the product I received is black. Ewww. The description should reflect the color, this is important too. So, overall, I am displeased with the product."
"I have been looking for the perfect body wash that suits my needs. Cleans great, rinses off easily and doesn't leave a residue on my skin. The only body wash that does this for me is Nivea for Men and Dial for Men. I gave this a try since it had the most user reviews on Amazon out of any men's body wash. I got it this morning and used it twice. Once in the morning and once in the afternoon after a day at the beach.The first time I used the body wash and rinsed off, I didn't feel clean. It didn't clean the deodorant on my skin and i had to rewash myself and it still didn't come out all the way. It also left my skin feeling sticky which I'm guessing is the moisturizer. The second time I took a shower it was better but it still left a sticky residue on my skin which i hate the feeling of. Overall, this is great for anybody who has dry skin but for anyone that has rough skin, it just doesn't clean good enough. I work out and play sports daily and I needed something powerful that doesn't left a residue and this wasn't it. It might be great for the everyday guy who doesn't do much physical activity but it does nothing for me."
"I thought this might be a good choice for my naturally curly hair; plus I did not want to shell out the $$ for the Deva diffuser. All I can say is, this must be some sort of practical joke!So little air comes out of this ugly thing, that even with my dryer on high, it would have taken me five years to blow dry my short hair using this monstrosity.I guess you do get what you pay for. Save up for a real diffuser."
i was just to strong for his skin i read so many good reviews before i bought it and no good for my son
"This mitt was a real disappointed. it cost too much to so ineffective. I should have returned it, but lost track of time and it was too late for me to do so."
It's a cream but does nothing for wrinkles. Also the vendor really harrassed me about leaving a review after I repeatedly told them I had not used it long enough to comment one way or another. Now suddenly it is not available. hmmm.Would not buy anything from this company again.
they are way less than 500 false nails im dissapointed at that and but other than that the nails are good to work with
"This mascara seemed barely there, no matter how I tried to build it up. It also didn't seem to last very long and it didn't curl the lashes."
Doesn't fully absorb like I thought it should. I wash it off in the morning and it's slimy feeling. Don't like it. I used for a couple of weeks and notice only a very slight difference in skin.
I became very frustrated when I first started Konading because this polish dried way too fast. I would only transfer half of the design to a nail and the rest would peel off. I used Sally Hansen's Xtreme Wear: White On and it worked MUCH better. Sally Hansen's Insta Dri line also works very well as it is a little thicker.
"I have used many slim extreme products in the past including this one (I have now switched to using mostly organic products, and no longer use this).  I have tried this product for several months (3 bottles).  It did absolutely nothing except give you a burning sensation which was sometimes painful and extremely itchy. Also I have a few stretch marks on my thigh and this cream actually made my stretch mark appear red-brown towards the end and I immediately stopped using it when I noticed. I would give this a zero rating if I could.Read the label before you buy, it is full of chemicals, parabens etc..."
"It is hard to find an eyelash/brow combo brush where the eyelash teeth are small enough to really separate your lashes that get clumped together with mascara. Sadly, this brush is not very good for that purpose."
"This shampoo did not work for me.  I tried it about 3 times total, and my scalp was raging itchy!  I cannot remember any shampoo causing my scalp to itch so intensely, so quickly following useage.  It also made my scalp very dry and uncomfortable.  I cannot use, or recommend this shampoo."
I made a mistake buying this product; I wish I would have purchased a product that was 100% argon oil instead.
"It is not very comfortable to use, I did not use it often, thus another junk in the house. I will not buy it again"
"The unfortunate thing about this review is evidently I am not the target consumer for this product. I am a caucasion woman with naturally curly, very thick hair, that has a tendency to frizz up. This product - as I now see on the Amazon product page - is targeted for individuals who are African-American. I can only review this product as it worked (or didn't) for me.The first problem I encountered was the fact the Amazon Vine label was firmly afixed to the part of the jar's label that gave instructions on how to use this product. And Amazon Vine labels are made not to be removed. Second, what instructions were visible are written in teeny-tiny print in colors that are very difficult for my 52 year old eyes to make out - even with my reading glasses. Since most products such as this require a small amount applied through wet/damp hair, that is what I did.I applied this product to freshly washed hair. I applied a little less than a quarter-sized amount. The product itself, even though stated as a cr&eacute;me, heavily resembled a simple jar of vaseline when opened. I debated whether to actually put this in my hair, fearing it would cause too much greasiness, but hoped it might dry up. I worked the product through my hair, or tried to, and found out quickly that it seemed to sort of ""gunk up."" I tried to work it through with my fingers and ended up with a tangled mess. I started to panic, but ended up working enough strands through to resemble some order. (My hair is shoulder-length) What I ended up with was a mix of wet hair and vaseline-like grease, and it was all plastered to my head. YUK! I got out the blow dryer and the diffuser, and went to work. Normally, I only blow dry my hair to get most of the wet/dampness out and then finger-fluff the rest of it to complete dryness. That didn't work with this product. I had to dry and dry and dry and dry. And my hair was simply staying flat, flat, flat! I tried fluffing and scrunching and drying from underneath. By the time I was done, my hair was sort of still curly, felt as greasy as though I hadn't washed my hair in several weeks, and it felt as though I had a helmet on my head. My hair felt stiff and dirty. The entire day I felt dirty and grungy and just horrible!And the worst of this? When I washed my hair the next day (I normally only wash my hair every 2 to 3 days, but with this gooey, greasy gunk, I couldn't wait to get it out of my hair!), it took several shampoos before I felt as though this stuff was out of my hair.I will not be using this product, but then I don't think I'm the target consumer. I dislike having to give this review, as I know I'm not the person this manufacturer intended to use this product, but I think better advertising is needed to get this product to people it will truly be beneficial."
"All of mixed chicks products do not work well in my hair. I don't know where they get the people who are on the advertisements with the perfect, smooth waves but my hair never looks like that. I guess it is their hair texture regardless of the products that will give them those results.The serum/oily thing - actually I'm not sure what it is or what it's supposed to do. I tried it on my wet hair and on dry hair and it just felt as if I was putting baby oil in my hair. it didn't help my hair look better or be more manageable.the shampoo is not sulfate-free and I was thoroughly disappointed. only the conditioner and leave-in are usable to me."
this doesn't help my dry sensitive skin.  i was using it often and whenever i go for a facial or to a makeup counter they tell me i need to exfoliate so I know it's not working for me.
"If you have lovely, perfectly smooth skin with minimal pores, no wrinkles, and no crow&#8217;s feet  I shall assume this product is just suited for you.  For the rest of us with all the aforementioned skin concerns this product is a waste of time and money.  I have been using makeup for over 30 years, and I am confident in saying I am quite adept at application.  With applying the product sparingly I looked like a clown with a caked on mess. My wrinkles and pores were severely enhanced by using this product.  At the same rate--it felt uncomfortable on my skin.  The best place for this compact is in the garbage.  I&#8217;ll stick to my lovely BB cream purchased in England and I look 100 times better with it....and much younger."
"The Body SHop is one of the last companies not to reformulate their products without Parabens. Even Estee Lauder and others have done it with their products. For The Body Shop to pretend it is so ""natural and healthy"" is a joke, especially as this stuff is easily absorbed through your skin. So many better, and safer alternatives."
"At first, I was mildly annoyed with this pillow.  With time, my emotions grew to hate.  This pillow WOULD NOT stick to my bathtub.  My tub has a curve to it and this pillow would not conform.  Every time I leaned up in my tub, the pillow would come loose and float behind me.  That's really annoying.If you have a clawfoot tub, don't buy this!!!"
"Okay I got this based on all the good reviews and now I feel some must be planted. I tried this thinking it would work like Swedish Beauty but it doesn't. It just doesn't compare and it does nothing, no tingle nothing ! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.!!!"
"I had high hopes for this! The box color is gorgeous, and I'm always a huge proponent of the 'for dark hair only' dyes and bleaches because they're generally very effective. I'd never heard about the Garnier Nutrisse ones, so I thought I'd give it a try after using the Feria Hi-Lifts all through college (which have since become very hard to find).Unfortunately, I can't recommend the dark intense auburn for people with naturally black, thick hair. I haven't colored my hair for 4 years, so I was working with truly natural, non-dyed hair and only used this box on the lower half. The first time I used it, only the very ends took any color. Even then, you can only see it in full sunlight. Under any artificial light and on overcast days, and it just looks black. I gave it another try the very next day (new box, obviously) and left it in for about 40 mins (10 mins more than what the directions recommend for stubborn hair), and it lightened a little near the roots in streaks. So now I'm left with redish/purplish tints (that are so subtle that any amount of fading will render them nonexistent) which you can only really see if I'm upside down or have my hair up.After spending about $15, I really have nothing to show for it except a few towels now tie-dyed red. I wouldn't write off the entire Garnier Nutrisse line of dyes for dark hair, but I can't recommend this one for Asian women with thick hair."
"The delivery service was good on this item, but I really don't like it.  The pencil is way too soft, and the liner smears easily. I was sadly disappointed."
"There is nothing about it that is worth the $50 price tag.  The reflective surface isn't even a mirror, it is made from a piece of foil in a cheap plastic housing.  It attaches to the wall with suction cups that slide down the wall.  Overall, the product is definitely not worth the money."
"These are way too hard!  I'm sorry I wasted my money.  I bought a Real Techniques sponge from Ulta for $5.99, and it's BETTER than the expensive Beauty Blender!"
I purchased this product because it was on Marie Clairs must have beauty products. I honestly could not tell the difference while using the product. Maybe it works for some people but for me it was not worth the money.
I was using this stuff off & on until I realized that it was breaking me out. I actually do like it but HATE the fact that it breaks me out. I wouldn't recommend to anyone who has sensitive skin! I gave it two stars because I like it but makes me break out. Grr:(
"I like how gentle it went on and the natural look, until the eyes started itching and when rubbed, major smudging....raccoon eyes. :-(wanted to like the &#34;purity&#34; of it for a natural look and healthier product"
"I was overall disappointed with how well this product maintained my manicure. I agree the rubberized top is great! The formula is easy to work with and it does leave a nice glassy finish, but my polish started to chip within 2 days. I tried reapplying daily which got me to about 5 days before I had to redo my nails. I don't spend a lot of time in water, or working hard with my hands, I was also using it with salon quality color polish so I expected it to last longer. I won't be purchasing again and will go back to OPI start to finish."
"Packaging is no problem, but when you open to paste has been broken into two pieces. It's incredible. When the proposal delivery or open to have a look to confirm goods is shipped complete. I urge businesses to send a new one to me. Or you can choose to return."
"I have very thin and pretty short natural lashes and am always trying out new mascaras and have tried everything from cheap drugstore brands, like this, to expensive high end ones and this one is nice and all and definitely lengthens my lashes pretty nice, BUT it takes about 4 sometimes 5 coats before I can actually see anything on my lashes because hardly any mascara comes out on the wand. I thought I got an empty bottle.. It doesn't clump or flake either, which is also nice since again you need to use about 4 or 5 coats.I would give this more stars, but you need to use so much of this that it's just not worth the time/hassle. Save your money and invest in a better mascara like I'll be doing next time."
"Right when I got this, I didn't want to put it anywhere near my eyelids to be honest. The seller is great though. But the curler is flimsy and cheap and stickyish. My sister asked if she could have it and I didn't hesitiate to say yes! Just gave it two stars though because it curls somewhat, but shipping was too long, even for hong kong, it was flimsy and cheap looking almost as if it would break any second, and it was somewhat sticky. I would suggest going to a local Target and getting a E.L.F. eyelash curler for only one dollar! It works great and by a trusted brand."
"As a sixty-something I bought this eyelid tape after watching several youtube examples of how to apply it. The strips are very tiny and must be handled carefully, although they are not difficult to apply. After being applied, they work exactly as they say they will--for three or four hours, then the adhesive seems to give up. The strips are virtually invisible so the worst that can happen is that the adhesive lets go and I go back to looking like a sixty-something with baggy eyelids. For that reason, I cannot recommend them."
"these cookies taste dry and stale, they didn't do anything to help my appetite or my weight loss.  Don't waste your money."
"I was excited to have the opportunity to try this facial cream.  As I get older, I am more careful about my skin care regimen.  However, I hate paying the exorbitant prices for department store cosmetics.This product has some good ingredients:  Pro-xylane - L'Oreal's collagen stimulator and Hyaluronic Acid to help fight wrinkles.The good news is that it works.  After only a few days, my face was noticeably smoother.  However, I just can't stand the scent!What I liked about this product:* It works.  I saw a difference after only a few days.* The beautiful packaging. The product comes in a heavy red glass container.  It reminds me of how department store cosmetics are packaged.The awful scent was a show-stopper for me.  And I am normally not at all sensitive to scents, but this was just overpowering.  It got on my pillow and I couldn't get the smell out.Sadly, I will not be even finishing the jar, even though it worked well.  If you're not at all sensitive to heavy scents, you might like this product."
"IT DIDNT COVER UP TRIED IT UNDER MY EYES AFTER FOUNDATION AND CONCEALER AND SAW NO DIFFERENCE , ITS MESSY NO MATTER HOW TIGHT I CLOSE THIS IT ALWAYS COMES OUT AND GETS MESSY.. AND WHEN YOU OPEN IT ITS EVEN WORST!... IM GLAD I DIDNT PAY MUCH FOR THIS .. DO NOT BUY!"
"I brought this product and soon afterwrards severe breakouts appeared all over my checks. After that, I brought a higher end foundation, and my cheeks soon cleared up.  Would not recommend this product."
"Ok I just finished using up the whole bottle of this stuff.  I have some wrinkles on my upper eyelid, especially when I smile. I was hoping (fantasizing?) that this might help.  It didn't do much.  But I do like this stuff!  It feels good when you put it on and maybe it does help temporarily by moisturizing the area.  But permanent effect?  No I don't think so.  That's ok, I still like it.  But I do have one major beef with the packaging.  You get this little jar that looks reasonably sized.  And when you screw off the cap you see the jar seems to be filled with cream.  But when you dab into the cream you break the top skin and see that its HOLLOW inside the jar! Not even half of what you thought you might be getting.  For that little deception I'm giving this product only 2 stars."
"This deodorant works fine when my wife isn't working out. However, deodorant is especially useful for when one does work out. When my wife works out, she said that the combination of her BO and the deodorant actually smells worse than straight BO."
"IF you have extremely sensitive skin and can find NO OTHER sunscreen, you might want to try this product. It works.  That being said, do not believe the claim that it dries clear. It is like a very light-colored foundation make-up and leaves you looking rather sickly. It also leaves your skin feeling greasy.  I ALWAYS finish products and hate to throw things away, but after 2 applications, this tube went into the trash."
"This cream can be used day or night, and it's sufficiently thick to be moisturizing, yet it absorbs very quickly. And my skin was left very smooth afterwards. The packaging is gorgeous; a high-end looking glass jar in a rich red color, bronzed lid. All shaping up to be a very good choice for a moisturizer. But the cream has a strong perfume, not one I like and it lingers for hours. It's irritating, in fact and makes my eyes water and get red. I wanted to like this cream and it does do what it says--it smooths and firms your facial skin. But due to the perfume, it's a non-starter for me. There is no need for perfume in face cream and it's very sad that the manufacturer feels they have to add a common allergen and irritant to a very good product. Completely sad and perfectly unnecessary."
THIS STUFF IS CLAY IN A BOTTLE. IT SEEMS TO RIP THROUGH YOUR PORES AND CAUSE BLEMISHES.  WAY OVERPRICED. NO GLAM GLOW HERE.
"This product is overrated in my book. It does not do much in terms of counteracting the brass tones in my blonde. Also, it is very drying and leaves my hair feeling like crispy straws when I rinse it out. I have found a much better purple shampoo for my hair type and I will not be buying this product again. Would I recommend it... meh probably not."
I bought this concealer and I was very happy to see how efficiently it conceals under eye circles. The result was pretty amazing but the problem was whenever I used this product I developed eye twitching problem for which I had to go to a eye dr.Very disappointed with some ingredients in this product. I will never recommend it to anyone.
"I was loving this blow dryer until it would no longer work on the &#34;high&#34; speed. I purchased it in August 2012 --- it stopped working this month, May 2013.  Prior to it stop working, I would have given in 5 stars. This is a shame...."
"John Frieda's Precision Foam Hair Color, Glosser didn't do much to cover grays that were tinted a deeper auburn. Unfortunately, it didn't do much for those strands or refresh the color. I won't be using this again."
"This is a horrible sunscreen, no where near 100 SPF protection at all.  You may as well just apply some random skin lotion with no SPF.  Save your money and get a different brand."
"OMG I just can't believe it! The product has changed after all these years.  In a previous post, I rated a powder and referred to a Long and Lush mascara from the 80's and how bummed I was when thr formula changed.  HERE we go AGAIN!  To say I am disappointed is a huge understatement.  This product had remain unchanged and perfect  for so many years and I have faithfully used it.  It washes off easily but doesn't smudge EVER.  That was the old Great Lash I loved.I noticed while applying it that it didn't feel exactly the same but didn't look closely at the bottle.  It wasn't until my shower that I realized something had drastically changed.  I simply could not remove the mascara!  My eyelashes felt like they were glued into 4 lumps of lashes.  Crazy.  So, I had to use some baby oil to actually remove the mascara.  Then 2 days later, after using this one time, yes, one time! I got a sty on my upper right eyelid. Upon observation of the bottle, the word ""waterproof"" has been added.  Holy moly they're not joking!  But if you have a product that has withstood the test of time, why change?  Call it something else!  UGHSo now what to do?  That is a good question.  Meanwhile, I'll keep using the old bottle until I test out some new mascaras.  WHAT a BIG BUMMER!!!"
This looks weird when I finally got it. But the price was good. The bad thing is that it didn't come with the best directions so I still haven't used it cause I don't know how. If you have experience with using it then buy it.
"First of all these say that they're Ardell lashes. They are not. The package I got has black marker scribbled over the name of the lashes, and they're Andrea lashes. Also - the glue is removed from the package. I haven't tried the lashes on yet, that's not what I'm writing this review for. I'm writing it because it's not even the product in the picture! What are these people doing? AND you sent me an opened package? So kind of you. Boo. Hope these lashes were worth it, really do."
The rounded end does not scrape anything off the nail. I am definitely returning this item. There are better cuticle pushers on the market.
does not even look like it smellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllls horrible i will never buy this again do not waste your money on something you will not like
"Depending on how much sleep I've had, I can be cursed with bags, dark circles, puffiness or any combination of the three.  I have my favorite eye products to combat the tired look, but I'm always happy to try something new.  In this case...something new didn't work as well.This week I'm battling puffiness and dark circles.Simple Revitalizing Eye Roll on comes in a green tube with a clear cap that unscrews to reveal a silver roller-ball.  The gel is clear and has a light scent.The gel is applied by rolling the ball around your eye area.  The roller-ball has a nice cooling effect on the eye area.  But for me, this cooling effect is followed by a burning sensation.I have to look closely to see that product was actually applied.  It absorbs quickly and doesn't leave my eyes looking shiny or greasy.Simple suggests storing the Eye Roll On in the refrigerator for an added cooling effect.  I don't do this for two reasons1.  I don't want to walk to the kitchen twice a day to get my eye product.  (I'm working on streamlining my morning routine, not adding to it2.  It's cooling enough for me without the added refrigeration.While this Eye Roll didn&#8217;t reduce puffiness, it was instantly cooling&#8230;for a moment.I love the cooling effect of the roller-ball and the product, but the slight burning never went away after a few uses, so I stopped using it. I also didn't feel it did anything to combat my puffiness or dark circles--which is what I really want in an eye product."
"I finally caved in and bought this product and on the first use was panic stricken when my scalp, eyes and nose started burning like crazy.  There is menthol in all the wen line and where it's close to the bottom of the list you wouldn't think it would be that strong.  It was!  I had the stuff in for just about two minutes and my scalp was bright red.  Ended up washing my hair out with my regular shampoo three times and then conditioning so that I might be able to at least not have my hair suffer too much.I really think they should have a disclaimer on products like this that have a strong chemical in them for people who have sensitive skin.  I never would have given in if I had seen one.  And just so you know I don't usually have any problems with mild exposure to methol or mints but this hurt like the dickens.  Please Beware!"
"I gave the product 2 stars on ease of use and how well it dyed my eyebrows. After reading reviews and comments, I decided to give it a shot even though I have very sensitive skin and the product did not appear to contain chemicals I know I am allergic to.After the allergy test of 48 hours lapsed and no reaction, I went for it.I only left the product on my brows for a total of 45 seconds and wooooow did they come out dark, 5 days later and they haven't faded much.The third day, over 72 hours later HOLY ALLERGIC REACTION BATMAN!I even had to go to the allergist to get steroid cream to calm down the giant red throbbing welts under my eyebrows.My dr advised me reactions can take up to 96 hours some times. So, this product is effective and easy to use, however, if you have sensitive skin or chemical allergies - run away."
I wouldn't suggest this product. It didn't do anything for my scalp. But everybody's bodies completely different. You may have better luck
"i recently tried and reviewed another conditioner by Clear Scalp and Hair Beauty that I loved. I thought I would try this one because I color my hair red which can fade fast. This was not very nourishing at all. It left my hair frizzy when I air dried it and that doesn't usually happen. This is more for someone who needs a very light conditioner, not hair that gets damaged or repaired."
This was not for me.  Maybe I just wasn't doing the exercises the way I should.  I thought it was almost counter-productive?
"These are very very thin, short & they get lost in my hair. And I have very thin hair..The pics makes them look fluffy but they;re barely noticeable."
"went to drug store and tested this out. I opened a can of this a bit and all this oil...grease? started dripping out. It was as if it had all settled at the top of the foundation. I am not putting anything with the word ""clean"" in it with that much oil on my face. I showed my mom..it was disgusting. it felt very slick and didn't come off until I had just rubbed it completely into my hands. Just buyer beware"
"Very disappointed! The lights are not bright at all and the batteries wear-out very quickly. I initially purchase this for traveling...alas, it was not meant to be. I expected better quality from a huge reputable company like Conair. Meanwhile, the stand is perfect. If they would just fix the battery issue and the lighting it would be great. Take it from someone who has literally spent thousands upon thousands of dollars on beauty products throughout her life time that this is not something you should be purchasing for yourself or anyone else."
"I bought this product thinking it would work similar to Lattesse (sp?) which I used previously with very good results. I especially liked the idea of the single wand brush applicator (like eyeliner) as opposed to the Lattisse which requires you to use a new brush out of their package--for each eye, and each time. The Lattesse brushes are also cheap and fat, difficult to apply the right amount of product only at the lash line. So, while I like the Rapidlash brush applicator which is also nice and thin, the product just didn't work on me. I saw no improvement (lengthening, or thickening, or increased lashes) despite nightly use, as directed. In fact, my lashes seem to be falling out more frequently. (Not many, I just notice one or two falling out every week or so, but rarely ever saw a lash fall out before. The service was good, (although despite their shipping it in a padded envelope, the box was all smashed when it arrived--but the product inside the box wasn't damaged. I'm sad that I can't give this product a great review, as I was really hoping it would work. The price is MUCH better than Lattesse!"
"After my last soft bonnet dryer broke, I was desperate to find a replacement.  This looked great on paper (or should I say screen.)  Especially the 800 watts, I haven't really seen any soft bonnets with this much wattage.  However, 800 watts means nothing if the heat doesn't reach the front of the cap.  Also the cap was flimsy.  The lo and high settings dispersed the exact same amount of air.  And the ""convenient"" travel case meant the dryer was a pain to assemble.  Needless to say I immediately returned it."
"I wish I had realized how much oil is in this, it left my face feeling oily & didn't work any better"
"This conditioner makes my hair so hard it feels like straw. I've used shampoos that make my hair feel 12 times softer. It does lather, though slightly. I've gotten so used to using top quality shampoos and conditioners so it takes a lot for a product to impress me. It smells amazing, but that's it."
"I use L'oreal True Match Liquid Make-Up and while I love it's buildable coverage and all the color options that allow me to find a perfect match to my tone... it doesn't last very long, even when I set it with powder. So, I was browsing through my co-worker's Avon catalog and this just called out to me. It seemed so lovely, promised much and was on special for like $5! I bought it, and fell in love with the cute little tube. Squeezed it out, and rubbed it on my face. Felt a bit grainy,but also smooth,and i thought ""Heck, it's exfoliating me too"". My face felt baby smooth, though I didn't notice much evening out of my skintone. Then again, that's what foundation is for. I applied my make-up, it went on smoothly, though after it looked a bit cakey-er than usual. I used my setting spray, and it mostly fixed it, but something still looked off (grainy?) Whatever. A few hours pass, and it's like I never wore any primer. My make-up is fading out same as always. Gave it another try afterwards, using more primer. This time my make-up did last a little more, but it always looked grainy, despite my smoothing/buffing and setting spray. Overall, this product promised me much, and delivered little. In the end, I only kept it for the SPF."
"I found this product to aid in the creation of longer, thicker lashes that are curled at the ends.  The black brown color was a good shade for my blue eyes and helped them pop.  When going out, this would be the mascara I would turn to if it actually had some staying power and wasn't so messy in its application.If you can apply the product without it leaving a sticky, smudged mess on the eye lid, the impact on the eyes is pretty impressive.  For a professional work environment, the impact may be a bit much.  Unfortunately, whether wearing for work or play, the product just doesn't last.  The formula may lead to longer looking lashes, but it flakes away after only a couple of hours leaving flecks under the eyes that smudge upon an attempted removal.In addition to the formula of the product, I found the applicator brush to be lacking. It picks up a lot of product and this contributes to the messy application problem.I've used the product several times and have not had any eye irritation.  I can be very sensitive to mascara but I haven't noticed any irritation with this one.Summary:  All in all, I think the lengthening effect is good but the actual product doesn't stay where it is supposed to and smudges.  The applicator brush is poorly designed.  It picks up too much product.  The color is nice and if you only need the mascara to last for an hour, this may work.2 stars"
"This is a nice shade of a brownish gray, but is very lacking in the holographic department. I've found that Color Club makes a fantastic line of holos though. China Glaze makes good polish so I still wear it, I just dont expect much of a hologram effect."
I purchased two of these.  Both did exactly the same:  stopped working with no reason at all!  The light still on but the iron will not warm up.  A waste of money.
"my hair is 4a, i shampoo then put this product in my hair as a leave in treatment, it really made my eyes water a lot, and the menthol burns a bit. it doesnt even make my hair any softer at all, i pasted my entire hair with the product an all. i tried it a couple of times just to makes sure. it left my hair harddd!!  normal cheap tresemme conditioner actually softens my hair much more than this product. i wasted my money, this product should not be on the market."
"Chalky,Not Pigmented,Wears off easily,Not a Coastal Scents Dupe,Too many highlighter colors,Does not show up on dark skinned women.I would not recommend.The coastal scents is currently on sale. It's worth the few extra bucks."
"The brush is horrible---it stricks and smudges and is just impossible to use.The color is nice, but you have to have at least 3 coasts for it to look even, and then it takes for ever to dry.I don't like it!"
I've tried using this blush a few times and it just doesn't show up on my skin. I have good brushes and very light skin. I guess I know why e.l.f. is so cheap... wouldn't buy anything from this brand again.
1. I did not receive the oil2. I actually find the shampoo and conditioner to be very drying (the opposite of what you would assume with the Argan Oil)3. The fragrance irritates my scalp if I use it too oftenI am very disappointed because this got very good reviews.
But not this one. I think I actually threw out the full bottle. It just wasn't enough for my dry skin and I didn't care for the SPF in it.
"I was excited to try a new body wash - especially one with a Papaya scent.Unfortunately, I was disappointed.The fragrance in this body wash is a bit too faint - which is a preference that varies from person to person.  So no stars deducted for that.However, I like a body wash that lathers up well.  The more suds, the cleaner I feel.  With this body wash, I had to pump out a lot of soap and still produced only half of the suds of similar soaps.Being made from natural products saved it from a one star rating from me.  But that is the only positive thing I have to say about it.It's not something I would consider purchasing."
"*I DID NOT USE THIS PRODUCT: REVIEW BASED SOLELY ON INGREDIENTS*I got this product thinking that it would be natural and good for the skin, because it says for sensitive skin and its in a green package. It also says that it has no perfumes or dyes, but it does have other chemicals and parabens that I do not want to put on my skin. I find this misleading, that a company puts a product in a green package, calls it ""simple"" and continues to put questionable chemicals in it."
"I should have listened to the reviewers who have complained about the smell.  I can't quite describe it.  It's almost a strong chemical smell.  If you live in or have ever been in Southern California, we have a ""stink weed"" that is very pungent and smells very strong but artificial.  It's almost like that strong chemical stink weed smell.  When I put this on my face in the morning, I have to quickly put an Aveda moisturizing lotion over it just to tolerate the smell otherwise I smell that stinky chemical smell ALL DAY.  Since I really haven't noticed anything as far as an improvement in my skin or complextion and I really don't have major wrinkles to see an improvement, I will never buy this product again.  I'd rather buy something that smells better that offers moisturizing components.  Plus, with this product, it's rather thin and doesn't feel like it really absorbs into the skin.  It's not thick.  (I hate thick greasy products and this doesn't fall into that category so that's a plus I guess.)  It seems too thin like they put too much water in as a base.  Overall the smell ruins the product and if it actually improved the skin, maybe it would be worth the sacrafice.  Since it does nothing for the skin, why suffer with the smell when there are hundreds of other facial products that are much better?"
"I have fairly straight, fine, and long hair.  I tried this out, and it works like a cheap conditioner would--not very well.  When it comes to hair care, unless you are especially lucky and have perfect hair, then it is best to spend a little bit more.If a conditioner is under $4, that is a good indicator it is not going to do a great job.  I have never used Suave before and will never do so again. I also read that Suave tests on animals.  If you are willing to pay a little more, I would suggest trying a conditioner from Pureology's line."
"I was really excited about this product due to its great reviews. But when I tried it.. O M G. I have normal to dry hair and previously was using another natural shampoo without conditioner at all. Fundamental Shampoo dried my hair instantly so much to the point that it was squeaky.  My hair was SUPER dry and I couldn`t even brush it. I don`t get that even with regular chemical shampoos. Moreover, when I tried to return it, it stated as it was nonreturnable. I had to contact Amazon customer service."
"I ordered this bottle AGES ago and have not even gotten halfway through it.  When I smelled this in the store I absolutely LOVED the scent and could not wait to order it.  When I received it, the perfume was pink, not purple, and the scent was not AT ALL what I remembered.  I did not like it at all.  I thought maybe it was me, so I just let it sit.  The other day I came across it in the store again and decided to smell the tester.  I was DEFINITELY hoodwinked.  The perfume in the store instantly reminded me of the scent I loved.  Will not reorder from this seller."
"This product is very oily and greasy so you can only really put it on at home or before bed.  Even before bed, it rubs off on your pillow case.  I have not really noticed any difference in my eyebrows."
"Ok, I should have read the reviews prior to selecting this item.  Hopefully, my mistake of not reading the reviews will save you time & money.I have tried several of the Clear shampoo products and they were great.  I have long (middle of my back) thick wavy hair - not too dry but I do experience a dry scalp sometimes - so I thought that a nourishing scalp & Hair Balm sounded great.  However, this product seems to be for ethnic hair.  Needless to say I applied a little to my scalp - I didn't think it was ever going to wash out; my hair still seems greasy/oily a week later.The product advertising needs to be clarified."
"I am a big fan of many of Neutrogena's products.  I regularly use their skin cleansers,soaps, and suntan products.  I have sensitive skin and I don't like to use products with a lot of chemicals or fragrances. I trust the Neutrogena name and I associate it with safe, hypoallergenic products.I count on Neutrogena to make products which aren't over-enhanced with perfumes, dyes, and other potentially allergy-causing substances. So I was quite disappointed when I opened the packet of foaming pads and got a strong whiff of perfume/chemicals. It's actually overwhelming at first.  And after trying it once, I knew I couldn't use it again.  I'm not sure if it's the device itself or the foaming pads, but my skin was red and irritated after only one use.For those of you who don't have sensitive skin and/or don't react to skin products with dyes and scents, you may be fine with this product, which is generally well-made.So the good points:Ergonomic design.  Well-constructed.  Looks like it will last.  Waterproof, so you can use it in the shower.  Batteries are included. Does what it says it will do.Problems:Heavy scent. Not hypo-allergenic.  Pad just rotates-- some sort of vibration would probably make it clean better and provide more of a ""mini-facial"" feel. Can be rough on skin and cause redness.  Not for everyday use."
This did nothing waste of money. I put it on for a month on Cyst pimples and tiny spots. I still had them.
"I was sent CLEAR SCALP & HAIR BEAUTY Total Care Nourishing Shampoo, 12.9 Fluid Ounce, thru the Vine Voice Program.  Unfortunately, the bottle was sent in bubble wrap and a manila envelope.  It leaked...all over!  This is when I first learned that the bottle shape is not good for soapy hands!  It kept slipping out of my grip as I tried to clean it off!This product claims it is ""for all hair types and is clinically proven to help restore scalps natural moisture balance.""  It also advertises that it is ""Formulated with Nutrium10, an advanced moisture complex of vitamins and nutrients including vitamins B5, C and E, sunflower, almond, soybean and coconut oils and aloe vera.""  This all sounds great!  However, when I used it - only once - I had what I can only explain as an allergic reaction on my scalp!  My scalp became so sensitive - felt almost like it was sunburnt is the only way I know to describe it.The ingredients are:  Water (Aqua), Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Fragrance (Parfum), Dimethiconol, Sodium Chloride, Carbomer, Dimethicone, Sodium Lauroyl Isethionate, Zinc Pyrithione, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, DMDM Hydantoin, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Stearic Acid, Citric Acid, Tallow Acid or Palmitic Acid, Zinc Sulfate, Glycerin, TEA-Dodecylbenzenesulfonate, Sodium Isethionate, Poloxamer 407, Laureth-23, Laureth-4, Tocopheryl Acetate, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, PPG-9, PEG-9M, Panthenol, Lysine HCl, Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Xanthan Gum, Methylisothiazolinone, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Niacinamide, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Ascorbic Acid, Mica (CI 77019), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Red 33 (CI 17200).While it only took very little to make quite a lot of suds...I don't plan to use it again, as this is the only good thing I can say about it!I do not recommend it for anyone with sensitive scalp (tho I didn't realize I was one of those people until using this product.)-1smileycat :-)"
"I didn't use this everyday, but I use it often, I couldn't tell you it works,  So beware, I tried it because of the price. So I don't feel a total lose,"
i didn't see any difference with this product. if you use it under make up it gets gloppy and has to be removed.  i will not buy this product again.
"If your complexion is more orange than a tangerine, or if you are trying to find makeup that will complement your ""Snooki circa 2010"" Halloween costume, then look no further- this product is perfect for you! I on the other hand ordered ""ivory"" expecting the makeup to be, well, ivory-toned.  This product has me quoting Inigo Montoya from the Princess Bride- ""You keep using that word, I do not think it means what you think it means."" Ivory is supposed to be creamy-colored. Examples of ""ivory"" exclude this product. Would NOT recommend."
"Don't purchase unless you know what is in the ""stuff"" and if it is paraben free. Also, be sure it isphenoxyethanol free.Define ItPhenoxyethanol is the preservative that seems to have taken the place of your frenemy paraben. Technically, phenoxyethanol is an aromatic ether alcohol. This ingredient starts out as phenol, a toxic white crystalline powder that&#8217;s created from benzene (a known carcinogen) and then is treated with ethylene oxide (also a known carcinogen) and an alkalai. Sounds dreamy.Phenoxyethanol NicknamesDowanolArosolEmery 6705PhenoxetolRose etherPhenoxyethyl alcoholGlycol monophenyl etherBeta-hydroxyethyl phenyl etherWhere It&#8217;s UsedPhenoxyethanol is used in many all-natural beauty products touted as being &#8220;derived from grapefruits&#8221; and has started replacing mercury/thimerosal in almost all vaccines. It&#8217;s naturally occurring in green tea, but in cosmetics, it comes from a lab.Why We Need ItAs soon as water is used in a product such as foundation or a mascara, a preservative is needed to kill bacteria. Enter phenoxyethanol, a usual hidden fragrance ingredient and preservative. On the plus side, it&#8217;s (usually) non-irritating and formaldehyde-free. Experts and chemists alike claim it&#8217;s necessary to have these ingredients in our cosmetics to kill bacteria or else nothing could stay on the shelf. Others say it&#8217;s another bad ingredient that you should run from. Why?Banned in JapanHmmm, do they know something we don&#8217;t? Japan has restricted phenoxyethanol as an ingredient in all cosmetics. Most countries ban its use to only a 1-percent concentration.Bodily HarmSeveral studies have shown that the toxicity of phenoxyethanol can cause damaging effects to the brain and nervous system, even at moderate concentrations. Again, while it&#8217;s thought to be from natural sources, some folks in the beauty biz buy the cheap, synthetic s*** from China. All the danger signs refer to concentrated phenoxyethanol when swallowed, inhaled or absorbed through the skin."
"They are not like the picture, not only that but they do not look natural and they have a brownish tint to them. They also fall off faster than other brands I have used."
"I am pretty disappointed in this color. I was looking for a soft, pale pink shade and thought this might be it. Unfortunately, it is rather nonexistent in any color at all. In the bottle it looks pink but once applied it is little more than a clear color, maybe if I applied 5 coats I would see some hint of the shade. I will continue my search for the right color."
"They say each rode is 5cm long. What a joke, some are just 2 1/2cm long while the others are LESS than 2cm long and there are lots of duplicates."
"For the record I have thick and wavy, shoulder-length hair that is on the dry side at this time, but not horribly so that it's like straw. So I was looking forward to tryingNexxus' Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam, 5.5 Ounce. Too bad I ended up disappointed. I tried it a few different ways (wet, dry, with a hair dryer) and was less than impressed each time. At first I used the amount recommended in the directions, but it was too much and I kept decreasing the amount while I tried in vain to get it work with my hair one way or another. All it did was make my hair look oily-shiny and I'd still have fly-aways. We're not talking healthy-shiny either, this was the gross, unwashed-for-two-weeks greasy look. Ugh! At first it wasn't so bad and was fairly weightless as it claims on the bottle, but pretty soon it started weighing my hair down and gave me that lovely greaseball look we women all strive for. If I kept using this, I'd have to wash my hair every day if not more, and probably my pillowcase too. I wash my hair every other day because it keeps my hair healthier that way and am unwilling to change that. While I don't recommend this, apparently it has worked for others, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. Although I would recommend trying to get it on sale and/or with a coupon if you're interested, otherwise, I think it's a waste of money and am glad I got to try it for free. Mine's getting pitched."
"I don't have any luck with this product. Maybe I'm using it wrong? I would love it to ""set"" my eye makeup more than anything, but if it even gets on my eyelids (I spray with eyes closed of course) my eye shadow ""cracks"" during the day, as does the skin around my eyes. It looks worse than when my makeup just melts off, which is what I was trying to combat with this. I keep trying it, hoping to hit on the distance, or amount of product, that might help it be more effective for me. But so far, no luck."
"I'm not sure if this is actually rosehip oil or just overpriced, watered down EVOO. I mixed some of this ""rosehip oil"" in with my regular moisturizer and I could immediately smell the oil, it smelled like EVOO and it even felt like EVOO on my face.I cook with olive oil all the time so I know the smell and consistency very well and these two oils are almost identical, only this ""rosehip oil"" felt thinner, like it had been watered down or mixed with something to make it thinner.Actually, upon further research of ""Botanical Beauty"", their other ""oils"" and the reviews it would appear most of them really are nothing more then glorified EVOO and vit E oil."
This was not nearly red enough. It was closer to an ash blonde with some red highlights instead of what one might think from a name like &#34;glazed strawberry.&#34;
Bought this on clearance. Color medium ash Brown. This product smells like soy sauce...well like rotten soy sauce. It left my hair black. That's what I get for going to the clearance aisle. Hopefully it fades away
"I was really excited to receive my wig, the reviews were great for it so i had high hopesBut when receiving it I realized the hair looked worse than barbie hair :(I couldn't believe it. this is about halloween wig status. (i guess you get what you pay for)I wish I could have worn it at least once, i would never dare walk out of the house with it on though."
"ARGH! I had such high hopes for this cream after all the great reviews! It smells awful and it caused my face to break out. So I tried it on my neck and decolletage, and same result - pimples! (So in that respect, I guess it made me feel younger...)"
"It made my under-eye look more puffy. I tested it three times on three different occassions.It has a sour dough texture and SMELL!As far as under eye treatment:Dove does a good job at both cover-up and tightening slightly.Deadsea products truly tighten.Olay ranges between the above two, but seems more pleasant when applied.So take your pick of these tried-and-true ones."
"Upon receiving my item i put the color on and sadly it did come out a orange red! Not to mention after blowing my nose and seeing how bad my listick smeared and how it got on my fingers and tissue(im one of those one time applicators i put my face on once before i leave for the day type women) i was done! Im sending it back tommorow...the only way i could make it hyper red was to mix it with a dark nyx lip liner pencil and a heavy red bh Cosmetics lip gloss color, just to get it a simple red....too much application for a lipstick thats named pure red,should of called it red orange.. love nyx products but this lipstick is way off in naming..."
"I got this one because I don't like the scents in other moisturizers, but after using this one I'll put up with it.This didn't really make my skin soft, and after about a 4days of using it , I got one nasty rash! My skin isn't sensitive at all, so I was really shocked when this happened! I wasn't sure what caused it, so I stopped using everything. Then, went back to just using this because my skin was so DRY after having a rash that last a few days, then again after about 3-4days of using this *bam* a rash again. Wouldn't suggest this product, and I'm frustrated that I spent $8.00 on a product that I can't use nor return. Truly not a good one!"
"I put this tube of Pantene Pro-V Age Defy Conditioner in my shower and tried it several different times over a few weeks. I am 56, and I have slightly wavy hair with medium body, which I wear about chin length with long layers and some bangs. Every time I used this conditioner, I couldn't do anything with my hair. My hair was limp and hard to style, seemed too flat on top (and I like soft volume up there!) and got a little stringy (bangs) by the end of the day. I want to clarify that I used this conditioner the way I do all conditioners: put it in my hands to disperse it, then lightly ""fingered"" it all through the hair, massaging and squeezing the hair, esp. the ends, then rinsed. I did NOT just plop it on my head and rub it around (like a guy with shampoo lol).I thought maybe I was using too much, so I tried using just a tiny dab, which didn't seem to do anything, so I had flyaways like you get when you don't use any conditioner.Over the weeks I tried using various amounts, but I realized I just never liked my hair after using this conditioner. I alternated it with using Dove conditioner, just to make sure I was not imagining things, and sure enough, when I used Dove conditioner, my hair was shiny, springy, easy to style, had body and still felt clean by the end of the day (and the next day). Just like normal.Recommendation: Not able to rave about this conditioner, sorry. I do like other Pantene products very much, but not this. Maybe it is just wrong for my type of hair."
This wasn't all that. The spray is hard. It shoots out too harsh. It keeps your makeup in place but if you your forehead inches for some reason don't scratch cuz it looks as if your skin is peeling. You can't touch your face at all. Not even pat it. It looks flaky if you do.
"I love the scent of this product. That's the good news. The only good news.But in my old age, I have developed a horrible itchy reaction to certain hair products, namely WEN, which gave me an awful rash on my hairline (front and back) as well as my entire neck. So when I saw this product, I thought it would be a relief now that my itchy WEN rash is finally (after SIX months of healing) a thing of the past.Sad to say that I was wrong. I used Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty conditioner and shampoo  three times in a row and guess what happened?  Yup. Same sort of irritation and itching in all of the same places.There must be a very specific ingredient the makers of hair products are including in their respective cleansers and conditioners because the fact that this has happened AGAIN literally has me scratching my head in disbelief.Again, this shampoo (and its companion conditioner) has a lovely scent - but I will not spend my waking and sleeping hours scratching myself like a cat with fleas.  If you have any sensitivity to hair products, avoid this one.Boo. So goes this product the way of WEN. In the trash."
"This mousse didnt make my hair soft, it made my hair a little rough/ I have tried better mousse that is weightless but makes your hair very shiney and soft."
"I've always struggled with cellulite, even though I exercise (weight training and cardio) five or six days a week and eat really healthfully.  I've noticed, however, that since turning 38 last year, my cellulite has gotten worse, so I'm trying to do something more aggressive about it.  I started using this 10 days ago, and so far I have noticed maybe only a *slight* reduction in the appearance of my cellulite.  It's just as visible as it has been on the backs of my thighs, although I do have to push harder on the front of my legs to see it.  For now, I'm giving this two stars since I was hoping that the appearance of my cellulite would be much less than it is after using it for 10 days, which is when the product description says you will notice improvements.  (I will also  be sure to update my review after using this for a few more weeks to see if there is any positive changes.)In addition to using this once a day (at night, so I don't have to worry about the stickiness on my clothes, just my pajamas), I've also been massaging my thighs in the shower with a cellulite massager like this Bliss oneBliss Slimulator 1 eathat I picked up from the Body Shop a few years ago.  Hopefully the combination of the two will help as I use them for a few more weeks.In the past, I had tried the regular Nivea cellulite cream (Nivea Good-Bye Cellulite Gel-Cream, 6.7 oz (189 g) (Pack of 2)), but I got lazy about using it since it's super sticky (much stickier than this serum), and you have to use it twice a day to see results.  The directions for this serum say that you only need to use it once a day, which I've been doing, but maybe I will bump it up to twice a day.Since I've ready that these creams only work as long as you keep using them and that your cellulite will return once you stop using them, I also decided to pick upThe Cellulite Solution: A Doctor's Program for Losing Lumps, Bumps, Dimples, and Stretch Marks, which offers suggestions on how to make your skin stronger, so that the cellulite doesn't poke through the top layers. I will write a review for Dr. Murad's book once I've integrated his recommendations for six weeks.  In the meantime, this Nivea serum doesn't seem to be making a noticeable difference, but I will be sure to keep using it and will note any changes I see."
"I really wanted to love this sunscreen.  It is so matte & oil-absorbing and really does seem to blur imperfections so that makeup is not necessary.  It was a dream to wear for about three days.  On the third day, I noticed things taking a turn for the way worse.  Basically, this caused me to break out into cystic acne in my oilier regions and caused really red, flaky rashes in my dry patches.  I looked like I had eczema.  Something in this sunscreen just did not sit well with my dry combination sensitive skin.  Also, this pilled like crazy, so I was actually UNABLE to apply makeup over it (which was fine/preferable for me, as I like to go au naturale anyway).  Since this moisturizer is basically the highest rated sunscreen on the market, I'm sort of at a loss now...  I would love recommendations."
This is  plain terrible. Bought this color and the pink. They don't look shattered at all. It goes on with a chalky consistency and pretty much covers the whole nail like regular nail polish. There is a very slight shattered look but it looks more like you didin't put your polish on correctly. Just looks sloppy. OPI is coming out with colors and is worth the wait. Stay away from this cheap imitation.
"I was excited to try this out because I love adding protein powder to my homemade frozen fruit and milk-based smoothies to make them more satisfying and give them more staying power.  Most recently I have been using and satisfied with Whole Foods 365 brand Chocolate Whey Protein Powder, though in the past I have used other brands and evenSlim-Fast Protein Shake Mix French Vanilla -- 12.83 ozyears ago when I was first dieting.  So my experiences with this product are based my comparisons with these other products I have used.  At first glance I really liked that it was made with weight management in mind.  I was a little skeptical of whether those claims might be true, but it certainly seemed worth a try.  I also noticed that it was made from a mix of different kinds of proteins, not just whey.  I know for many protein powder connoisseurs that will lessen the appeal of this product, but for me it wasn't an issue.To try it out I made my smoothie as I normally would with another protein powder.  I added the recommended serving size with 8 ounces of 2% milk to myOmega BL630S 3-HP Variable Speed Blender, 64-Ounce, Silverand blended for about a minute on high speed to try and dissolve the powder as well as possible.  Then I added 1/2 a banana and about 2/3 of a cup of frozen peach slices and continued blending until smooth.  In sampling the smoothie a couple things stood out to me.  First, the taste of the protein powder seemed to overwhelm the other ingredients.  I have frequently made this exact smoothie with other vanilla and french vanilla protein powders and usually the vanilla flavor just slides into the background and the fruit flavors come through.  Here the peach flavor was barely detectable.  I'm not sure I got a strong french vanilla flavor, I just couldn't taste much beyond sweetness and a sort of earthy flavor I assume was coming from the protein itself.  The second thing I noticed was that there was a detectable chalkiness.  I think with any protein powder you're going to get a little chalk or grit, but this was MUCH more noticeable than with other powders I've tried.  Worse still, it seemed to collect in my mouth and throat the more I drank and was increasingly distracting the more I drank of my smoothie.From a satiation standpoint it did seem to hold me over very well, equally well to my usual protein powder or perhaps even a little better.  But, it didn't sit well in my stomach.  It made me feel a bit bloated and physically uncomfortable, which I didn't care for.  Granted it also meant that I wasn't quick to reach for more food, but I also didn't feel my best either.Overall I'm not sure I'd recommend this protein powder.  It's possible it would work better in other applications, but for my uses I think I am more satisfied with the other protein powders I've tried in the past."
"The worse set of brushes i've ever purchased.  They are very cheap.  The brush itself is very stiff, even after soaking.  They do not work like they claim.  Horrible, very very cheap, waste of time."
"Bought this because it had good reviews. I love the smell, I love the light texture, but not the fact that this stuff made my skin break out. No thank you!"
These are not great but they are still much better than the Schick Hydro silk version for women. They are not irritating. The Schick Hydro has a lubricating strip which is more sticky than lubricating. But it did not leave my skin irritated.The Schick Hydro did leave me with hair still on my legs though. It is pretty annoying. I am at a loss at to how 5 blades are an advantage if they are still missing hair. I am better off with with a cheapy one blade mans schick disposable and a bottle of shave gel.
"Switched back to the regular brand after a week and acne cleared up.I did a little research.  Simple was bought by Unilever.  Brands include: Aviance, Axe/Lynx, Ben & Jerry's, Dove, Flora/Becel, Heartbrand, Hellmann's, Knorr, Lipton, Lux/Radox, Omo/Surf, Rexona/Sure, Sunsilk, Toni & Guy, TRESemm&eacute;, VO5 and Wish-Bone.A couple of other little items I discovered:  Simple does contain parabens which several studies have linked to cancer (especially breast cancer).  Also they now animal test.  Just wanted to put that out there.The moisturizer caused an acne flare up that went away soon after switching back to our normal product.  Poor results and now knowing that the company isn't as 'Simple' as it once was, I will stick with other brands such as Yes to Carrots."
"Will be returning it. It's  the second one like this that stopped working with only a couple uses. Don't buy it,"
Unfortunately the material melted while in the mail box. It's peeling like hell and isn't something I can use on my hair without black flakes decorating my cranium.
Didn't like this nail polish. After one or two coats my nails looked like I had put on a layer of Elmer's Glue and added some glitter. Does NOT go on like picture shows.
These things look so cute in a nail when I saw them but in real life the are annoying! They are hard to make stick to the nail and they fall off easy. I don't know it I was doing something wrong but I wouldn't waste my money on them again.
"It could just be me, but everytime I try and use one of these strips it leaves little pieces all over my nose! I also notice that they don't really do that great a job at clearing out my blackheads. I prefer Skinfoods' egg white pore strips."
This stuff was a little too greasy for my hair. I also didn't care for the scent. the scent was too strong and too masculine. I also didn't like that my jar didn't have the ingredients listed.For the record I have I have 4A-B hair.
"I am a Wen girl and have been using Wen exclusively for over a year.This is my least favorite Wen formulation.  I was hoping to love it, because I really love the scent of orange blossom.  However this smells like cat pee, not orange blossom.  To make matters worse, it leaves my hair much drier than the regular WEn formula.Avoid this scent!"
"The images on the plates are too large for my nails. Also, the edges of the plates are VERY sharp.  I've seen the Konad system work and work well even on children's nails, so I was expecting these to be similar.  I wish I would not have wasted the money."
"Let me start by saying that this product is EXACTLY the same active ingredients and ratio of ACTIVE ingredients as the Olay Total Effects 7 In One Moisturizer + Serum Duo With Sunscreen Broad Spectrum Spf 15. The only difference other than the inactive ingredients is the fact it is tinted. They say it is for light to medium skin tones but I guess I fall into the albino category because it was very evident that my face was darker after I applied it. It did not blend effortlessly with my natural skin tone as advertised and made the red spots on my face redder.As far as the scent it is light and not strong at all. It comes out of the bottle like a foundation and is a bit greasy feeling and it stays on your face that way including the shine but they use the words ""flawlessly radiant"" on the package. I tried using very little but it still felt greasy and looked very shiny. The box states this product is a BB cream, skin perfecting, etc. but the directions clearly imply this product is a SUNSCREEN.Step 1. Apply liberally 15 minutes before sun exposureStep 2. Reapply at least every 2 hoursSun protection measures... limit time in sun...etc.6 Skin Perfecting Benefits:Refreshes - feeling and looking greasy is not refreshingBrightens - it darkens red spots or areas of redEvens Tone - see comment just aboveHydrates - the 4 main active ingredients are all sunscreens...when I removed the product my face was still very drySmoothes - it does smooth over the faceProtects - THUMPS UP it does have sunscreens in it that protect your face from UV rays but is that for both UVB and UVA??Anyway the point is for MY skin it was a mess and I am not wearing a product that makes my face look like I had an allergic reaction. BUT other people have completely different skin types and it may work beautifully on them. Just wanted to give my honest opinion since the product is extremely over priced!Avobenzone 3.0%Homosalate 4.0%Octisalate 4.5%Octocrylene 2.6%EXACTLY the same active ingredients and ratio of ACTIVE ingredients as the Olay Total Effects 7 In One Moisturizer + Serum Duo With Sunscreen Broad Spectrum Spf 15 but without the tint."
there were not many beads in the individual wells at all. maybe enough to do a couple accent fingers but definitely not a whole hand if thats what you were aiming for. alot less than whats shown in the picture and color varies. think i got 2 wells with the same color.
"It is truly a dark cherry red liquid with mint flavoring.It goes on very runny, the color is not even but in the creases.Looks dreadful.Service was nice, and I got a free lip liner pencil included as a gift which was much better than the product I bought.But I cannot remotely recommend this as a long lasting lip color."
"I think the second you pour this into your hand, you'll be able to tell by the scent that it's a women's lotion. It smells like cheap imitation brand perfume.I get dry itchy skin, so I am willing to try anything, even if it's meant for women. I find one product that works and stick with it, even if it's meant for the opposite sex. But when Something's free - I'll try anything ButVaseline Sheer Infusion Body Lotion, Vitamin Burstisn't all that great. I mean it moisturizes okay, despite it's hideous scent. BUT It works the same as all the other lotions I've used. So It's not that terrific.I'm sorry but this ""Vitamin Burst"" Didn't improve anything. Vaseline is making it seem like the Burst of vitamins will improve my skin but I don't see a difference between this and the other Vaseline lotions I've used. Which also don't work that well for me.This may sound weird coming from a guy, but the only thing I've found to work right isBath & Body Works Body CreamVaseline Sheer Infusion Body Lotion, Vitamin Burstwas worth trying. But for me, it smelled terrible and didn't work that well"
"This is labeled appropriate for combination skin. That, my friends, is a lie. I have oily skin and this greasy moisturizer only makes my oily skin worse. Also, the stuff smells pretty nasty. Do not purchase this."
"THESE ARE NATURAL HAIR BRUSHES made from goat and badger fur. If you assume you are buying a cruelty free product because they tout that they are a member of PETA on their description, you are incorrect. It's not like they go out an clip the fur off a live animal to make these, they are made from fur scraped off of hides before they are tanned for leather. Sure, you can say that using 'spare parts' makes you cruelty free, but let's be serious.Quality is lacking as well. These are a nice set of brushes if you are first starting out on your make-up journey, but they wear quickly. I wash my brushes once a week with warm water and Sephora brush shampoo and one of the large eye shadow brushes fell apart within only a few washes. Also, there are 17 brushes pictured in the online image, but you only get 12 seemingly random brushes. I did not get an eyebrow brush, one of those foam brushes pictured, the thin brush, and the standard sized brush.If you take make-up even a little bit seriously or if you have high end make-up that you want to apply correctly, please go buy quality brushes. If you are on a budget, the gift sets from Sonia Kashuk at Target are perfect and all under $25."
"After seeing all the hype I was so excited to try Wen. Boy I was I let down. I tried both the tea tree and lavender. Using them for a couple months each. My entire experience lasted 6 months or so.My hair is to the middle of my back. It is pretty kinky and I sometimes straighten it. I tried the lavender first, as it is my favorite scent. And this stuff smells amazing.  It is also a pretty thick consistency.This stuff left a lot of build up on my scalp and my hair felt so oily and gross. I usually wash my hair once or twice a week, but after using this I had to wash it daily."
I used this flat iron a few times and it damaged my hair.  My hair was not soft at all and was falling like crazy...  I went back to my Conair Infiniti Pro with steam.  Wow what a difference!
"the 3rd ingredient of this product is sodium acrylates copolymer, not the mud and minerals of dead sea as I would expect since this product is advertised as a Dead sea benefits source. I should have done a research on the ingredients of this eye cream before buying it. It is not about money, because I paid the Amazon price, it is about health of my skin.anyone can check the safety of a cosmetic product trough its ingredients here : [...]"
"I have low magnesium and have trouble absorbing it from pills. This powder was recommended. The first few times I took the normal dose, I felt instantly drowsy and relaxed. After the first week of taking it, the relaxed feeling stopped happening altogether. Also if I take it regularly I do get diarrhea.Not really sure if I should recommend it or not. Apparently it was doing something initially, but I don't feel the effects anymore. I was hoping that this would help me sleep and help calm my muscle spasms. Those benefits only lasted about 3 days, so probably won't re-purchase.I got raspberry lemon and the taste was fine."
"I opened the container of John Frieda hair color and got immediately nauseous from the sickly sweet chemical smell. No way was I going to try it! So I threw it out. This may work wonderfully; but the smell is a barrier I wouldn't cross. If you don't like overly perfumed products, do not try."
This does absolutely nothing. It is even too soft to brush an infants hair....how this could even be called an exfoliating brush is beyond me.
"Now in my early 40s, I am lucky enough to have no major problems with wrinkles so far, although of course, some aging is beginning to show.  However, I was mainly interested in this Starter System for the inclusion of an Eye product.  I struggle with dark under eye circles, and according to the box, the eye cream included in this kit is ""clinically proven"" to produce ""noticeable improvement"" in reducing puffiness and dark circles by the end of one week; by the end of four weeks, these results are supposed to increase to ""significantly noticeable.""So, I began using this system about a month prior to my 42nd birthday.  There are three total products:  1) a serum, which is supposed to be applied over the face, neck, and entire eye area, 2) an activating cream, also designed to be applied over the entire face and neck, and 3) an eye activating cream, designed to be used around the entire eye area.  The instructions did not specify exactly when to apply the products, but because the activating cream was labeled ""Day"" and contained SPF, I choose to use this regimen in the A.M. only.Here were my initial impressions:The serum comes out of the tube a medium gray color, which seems a bit odd at first, but it does disappear into the skin.  It has a silky feel but seems to be easily absorbed.  The activating cream has a light, pleasant scent (it fades fairly quickly for those who don't like scented items); the cream itself is fairly rich, but again, it is absorbed quickly.  The eye cream, on the other other hand, is significantly thinner, which was unexpected (I would have thought it would be the other way around).  I preferred the pumps of the two creams to the serum's tube.WHAT I LIKED:All three products seemed to absorb into my skin well, and they didn't leave my oily-prone skin feeling greasy (although I used the products during the spring; it may have been different in the summer).  Similarly, I didn't seem to break out any more often than normal while using this system.  My skin generally felt fairly smooth and looked decent in appearance for the duration that I sampled this kit, although I did get some dryness around my mouth towards the end of the month.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:First, I began running out of the serum before the other two products.  I emailed the Neutrogena web site, and they replied to say that I could continue using the other two products alone and still see ""some effects.""  But this leads to my second complaint:  I didn't see ANY noticeable effects!  Yes, my skin generally felt soft, but no more so than from using any good moisturizer.  I certainly would not say that I saw improved skin tone/minimized signs of discoloration or improvement in fine lines/wrinkles, both of which are supposedly ""clinically proven"" to be ""noticeable results"" after just one week (and should have been even more pronounced after a full month).  Similarly, I can't say that I saw any of the other claimed benefits of this system, such as lifting the look of sagging skin and improving the look of facial contours/and definition.So, in the end, the BEST that I can say about this Starter Kit is that it seemed to act as a decent moisturizer during the time I used it (about a month, which is how long the products lasted).  But there is no way I can recommend paying this much for a set of three products that promises so much more; there are certainly better and less expensive moisturizers out there."
"The handle on this brush is so small around that it makes holding the brush for any length of time painful. My hand started to cramp up after just a few minutes of trying to blow dry my hair. Because this brush is all boar bristles, it is very difficult to get the brush through your hair. I have relatively straight hair and brushing it is usually very easy. If you're looking for a boar bristle brush for blow drying, make sure to buy something with a nice, wide handle and *combination* of boar and nylon bristles. Even for regular brushing, this brush would not be good as it is very difficult to get through the hair and the handle hurts to hold. Do not recommend."
"This product is a sufficient for hair cleansing, but if you are sensitive to smell...or rather, if you cannot tolerate a strong and very long lasting perfume bubble around your head all day, this is not the product for you. It is cheap and suitable for the guest bathroom."
"I am surprised by all the good reviews on this product. The only thing I can think of is that one has not used a a high quality $30+ make up brush before to compare it to. This brush has few brissles, resulting in a very small amount of pigment being picked up. It is just terrible for applying my Nars blush, barely any color comes off the brush. Anywho, once again, I have learned my lesson NOT to cut corners but just get the real deal right off the bat. Now I have a make up brush that won't be used and have to buy another.The plus of this brush and why I gave it 2 stars is, of course, that it IS Eco friendly and that is always appreciated. Also, the brissles are super soft."
"There are sure plenty of suction cups on the bottom of this thing, but they are very tiny and not so pliable and practically flat:  In other words, useless.Pumice stone pulled off from backing while I was inspecting it before placing it in the tub.  There was not enough glue applied to work with the porous stone.  I glued it back on.Pumice stone cracked into three pieces while I was trying to scrub my heal.If you can get this thing to adhere to the bottom of your tub or shower stall, you really need to have a grab bar so you can safely move your foot back and forth with some pressure.I wanted to use it in the pool, tucked along the side of one of the wide, tiled steps, but couldn't get it to suction to any part of it.  I thought that would have been fun.Pumice stones wear down, you know.  I did not see that you could buy replacement stones, either.*I received a sample product from BelleSha."
"I ordered this product and I never received it.I got an email saying it was shipped then days later I got another email saying they were out of this product. I would think they would know they were out when it was ordered,not after they contacted me and said it was shipped.It is a good product though, I had to order a much smaller size from somebody else."
"The color is super dark and bubbled up after I put a very light coat on .  If you're looking for a super dark red color with a somewhat blackish shine, then this is your color.  The color that it shows on the description is FAR from the color that it is.  I really liked the vendor...super fast shipping, nothing against them."
"This polish is the most expensive in my nail polish collection and in my opinion it was NOT wort it. it looks really nice in the sun but indoors it looks pretty plain, like a gray/lavender glitter polish."
"Lol True Beige is so not my color. Im a deep golden caramel. White face city whenever I put this on. Thankfully I dont wear makeup on a daily, so I just practice at home, and whenever I use this and take  pictures it is White Face City..... So recently.... (after many useless buys of different foundations) I found NARS tinted moisturizer in Malaga...... (LOL COMPLETELY different tone: True Beige vs Malaga) lol and that matches my skin perfect. So now that I see what my skin color actually is, I may look for a different True Match foundation...... But ladies make sure you know your color first!! Because it will just sit your drawer....."
"Much to my chagrin, these are not at all what I wanted.  I thought these butterfly clips were going to be larger based on the image--nowhere in the product title or description does it say the size of these clips--so I was expecting the ones that can clip up a mess of long, medium-thick hair.  These are only big enough to put barely half of your hair up.  Plus, these clips are really cheap and break easily, especially the small teeth.  Big disappontment for me, but I suppose if you're looking for small clips to put your bangs up, then these might work for you."
"I think that this powder didnt come in the color it shows. I hope everyone enjoys it but, i did not."
"I was really excited to see this $200 flat iron on sale for $40. Once I received it and tried it, I knew why.  I have had other high priced brands -- GHD, Chi, etc. and this one is more of a $40 iron, not high end.  Issues: the heat adjustment dial is hard to get to as it is on the inside toward where the the top and bottom of iron are very close together, the dial just shows the highest and lowest temp so you need to guess what temp you are setting at in between, the iron did not seem to get very hot so is ineffective for thicker hair, the on/ready button is on the bottom of the iron which is odd.  Even at $40, I returned it as is was not worth that price."
"I was not impressed with this product and gave it to my girlfriend.  I prefer to use a primer before applying my makeup and didn't notice any difference in lines, skin texture, etc."
"Maybe I'm not doing it right or whatever, but it's also incredibly annoying that this is meant to be used as a deep conditioner...tried it as a leave in and my hair got WAYYYYYY crunchy."
I didn't like this product because it made the area on my forehead somewhat red and its supposed to eliminate redness!  I have sensitive skin but I've used products that aren't made for sensitive skin and they usually don't make my forehead red.
This is at the very bottom of my mascara list. I purchased it on recommendation from my grandmother and tried very hard to like it but just couldn't. The formula is extremely wet and results in smudges every application. The brush is tiny and standard-doesn't do anything for my lashes. I actually ended up applying the product to a lash comb and then using it to avoid using the brush. I think the industry has come a long way and this just didn't keep up. One good thing- the color blackest black is indeed a true black.
"This item arrived within the 2 days promised-and that's where it ended.  I was missing rollers, the hair tool to use the rollers AND the price had gone down within 2 days of me ordering!!  Thank goodness I have Amazon Prime and they responded to my issue within hours.  Full refund, already done.  I didn't have to worry about returning the unusable product either!  I do quite a bit of shopping on Amazon and will continue to do so because of their great customer service!  As for this product, don't bother...."
"Thought this would not be filled with fragrance, because fragrance is NOT hypoallergenic ever...don't care what anyone may try to tell you. This has fragrance and I could not use it, had to give it away. Would not recommend this to anyone who is super sensitive."
"I ordered this for the price and the notes of fragrance, ordered then read the reviews. I would never wear this cologne, It is too subtle and faint smelling. It smells feminine and may smell best on a female. The seller did a great job packaging and shipping but product is inexpensive for a reason."
I have my ups and down about this gel with it leaving white residue in my hair is not fun at all especially when you are about to walk out the door.
"I dyed over straight, bleached blonde hair. The color is a lot darker than I had anticipated and it has some brassy orange undertones that I'm not in love with.This is definitely not a natural red tone, at least by my standards, and I was hoping for a more strawberry blonde/red than a darker brown red. But you live you learn, I suppose.As for the dye itself...I was pleased that the forumla was very creamy and not drippy at all, however the conditioner that came with it is TERRIBLE. It was very runny and left my hair feeling so coarse and stringy that I ended up using a different conditioner afterward. It also came in one of those packets like you get in hotel rooms, which makes resealing it for later use impossible.I'm afraid Garnier may not be the dye for me. I'll probably go back to Feria, since it's the best dye I've used.EDIT: Two washes later and it's a little better. It's faded to a lighter brownish/orangeish/red. My coworker described it as; ""autumn leaf red"" whatever that means, ha. Still, I'm overall disappointed with this dye."
i used it up religiously and the freckles on my face are the same. Waste of money. Bought mine at Sephora. I wish I could get my money back.
"The smell is wonderful, if it was perfume I would give it 5 stars. As a hair product I was luke warm about the results. My hair didn't change drastically using it. I have fine hair and found that after a few hours of using the oil it would get heavier and then greasy. By the evening I needed to clean it again. This just doesn't work for fine hair."
"First I'll start out with the pros...It doesn't have and sulfates.  It washes out really well, and leaves your hair feeling very clean and free of buildup!And now for the cons...It is very thin and runny, you have to use a lot of it to get it to soap up (but that's because it isn't full of all those chemicals).  It has a very faint smell, which for some could be a good thing, but I like for my hair to smell good after it's washed.  After 4 weeks of use this shampoo and conditioner left my hair dry and coarse I discontinued use immediately and gave it to one of my friends maybe she will have better luck :/ This product stripped my hair of all it's natural oils!"
"I purchased this in Pink Truffle because I was looking for something hydrating with a tint. Due to the pigmentation I naturally have in my lips, this shade looked slightly brick red... definitely not pink ... on my lips, which was fine. The color did not bother me. However, minutes after applying the lip butter to my lips I found it drying. My lips had a sheen from the lip butter which made my lips appear hydrated, but they felt dry. I really was elated to have finally had to opportunity to try these since I had seen and read so many positive reviews. I will be sticking to my nars sheer lipstick and clinique chubby stick because at least those don't suck the hydration out of my lips.I will add though, since it is inexpensive compared to other brands, it might work for you and might be worth trying. I might have just been unlucky when it came to this product."
"I was warned by friends before that this smelled really bad, well I sprayed my whole hand with it anyway. The bottle is pretty, the gray ribbon tester is pretty, Sarah is pretty too but the scent is horrendous.It smells like some lovely old moth eatten socks under dust bunny attack.Im a fan of Sarah Jessica, but the perfume is totally off for me. I love floral and woody tones, but this just smells like dirt."
"I was unsure why this product was priced so high ($150) and I now see it has dropped to under $20.  Very strange.  Either way, the product did a great job of moisturizing during this very dry (for us) winter.  However, it did not do much better of a job than your typical drugstore bought brand, but we believe it was in fact better.  It is possible I expected too much from the product given the original exorbitant price tag.The product is well packaged but did not include instructions. It comes with a nice case and small mirror making it ideal for travel.  We found the application of the evening product worked good at diminished crease lines while the day product worked good under foundation makeup. The scent of the product is very minor and not too strong.  However, this product seems to be prone toward encouraging pimples.  After just a few applications we noticed breaking out on the forehead.  We discussed continued use and it cleared up right away.  Researching other reviews led us to conclude that some people with sensitive or fair skin will be prone to breaking out. If your skin can tolerate the product, it will be softer and smoother after about a week of use.Once again, I simply may have expected too much from this product based on the original price point.  But, in short, we believe the same benefits would be obtained by using nearly any other moisturizer."
"I have very curly, kinky, frizzy hair and this wasn't for me.  on my curly days, my hair looked and felt weird and weighed down.  on my straight hair days, it didn't feel clean.  i think the no-poo route isn't for me."
"First off, the pump arrived completely broken off, which I had to replace with another pump from a different lotion that I had laying around. I have dry, sensitive skin, and it is January. This lotion is thin, and absorbs quickly, but is not nearly as moisturizing as Palmer's Cocoa Butter, which is my favorite lotion on the market today. This lotion did irritate my skin very slightly after I put it on after showering. It definitely DOES NOT SMELL LIKE COCONUT!!!! It is all a lemon, almost lysol smell, that fades to a lighter lemon smell. I only bought this lotion because it was relatively inexpensive for 32 oz, and I normally buy Booth's 4 in 1 32 oz lotion, but Amazon no longer offers it as an add-on item for cheap :( Although I like the ingredients of this lotion, I would not buy it again or recommend it to a friend."
"I tried to use it in my L.O.C method but it left my hair dry, hard,greasy and dull.The only pro is the smell."
"I bought this because the expensive eye shadow base is, well, expensive.  I figured I'd get the same thing at a fraction of the price.  Unfortunately all I did was waste money.  It did absolutely nothing for me.  I even tried it on one eyelid and nothing on the other.  No difference.  I ended up throwing it out.  I'm usually a big fan of NYX, which typically has quality products for tiny prices.  This just isn't one of them."
"This shampoo is ANYTHING BUT &#34;clear.&#34;  It contains Blue 1 and Yellow 5 dye.  Please be certain to read the ingredient list before you decide if you wish to purchase this shampoo.  I am not going to list the ingredients again here since they are stated in the item description [which I should have read more carefully before I ordered this shampoo].  I prefer to use a much more organic shampoo.  The ingredient list for &#34;Clear&#34; is a long hodgepodge of chemicals I would prefer not to use on my hair.  The product has a pleasant scent [because of added fragrance] and a thick creamy texture; but after reading the long list of chemicals, I don't plan on using the product on my own hair."
"It actually made my hair dryer...not sure if I got a bad bottle, but I was so disappointed in how it left my hair, I ended up throwing it away :l"
"Both my husband and son applied this product liberally to their skin prior to attending a three hour ball game in the bright April sun. When they came home, both had red faces and slightly burned arms. We had been using Neutrogena's sheer sunblock but it ran out and this was on sale. Neither were burned when they used the Neutrogena sunblock at the ballpark a few weeks ago.Pros: The pump is easy to use, and this lotion has a slightly milky consistency, which makes it easier to apply. There is no strong sunscreen odor.Cons: Doesn't seemt to work well, not sure if the formula is perhaps too runny? It contains titanium dioxide which is great for UVB blocking, but it doesn't have much UVA coverage. It also contains parabens and vitamin A, which have potentially hazardous health effects (they are known carcinogenic agents). I don't think I'll be purchasing this again, unless Banana Boat improves/modernizes the formula."
"It seemed like such a good idea, Cream with 40 SPF, some color and even anti-aging. Sign me up!I opened the container and was a bit overwhelmed by the smell. I took a deep breath and smeared it on anyway.The color was a little too dark. I'm pretty light right now, so that's not a big deal - not compared to the smell. My  skin felt very smooth after I applied it, but when I tried to put my regular make up over it, it was all blotchy. I thought that at least I wouldn't need to worry about sun screen all day, but then I read the instructions which mentioned having to re-apply every 2 hours! Good thing I wasn't outside a lot that day.This did not live up to my  expectations at all."
"If your definition of ""make up"" is some lip gloss and talc powder on your face, yeah, you can give 5 stars. It just doesn't clean heavier, longer wear make up like Revlon, L'Oreal, Cover Girl, Maybelline, etc etc. I tried some a friend has and even she complained of the same failure of this product to clean and it's not like her make up was set with cement, so please!! Can people just tell the truth??? Now we just use extra virgin olive oil on cotton and swipe off our faces, then wash with the St. Ives green tea acne facial wash."
"Purchased this at Target. Bought the deep color. I am a medium-to-light black hispanic woman and the match was very good overall but I have to rate this very low because it's not a real bbcream, and l'oreal should be ashamed to sell this as such. This can only be called tinted moisturizer, if that.Problems:- First of all, this cream oxidizes, which is uncommon for asian bbcreams. That's fine, okay, but It has NO SPF, so right off the bat I was suspicious...- For a product that claims it moisturizes, it does very little. It actually made my skin start to flake! This is a problem I had moved past when I changed my skin routine and hadn't seen in months. Thanks a lot, L'oreal!- The beads, the beads... This thing feels like it's exfoliating your face. And not in a good way. The texture is just very odd. Feels like silicone and very fine sand mixed together. Now I see why my face was flaking again.- Due to the texture and consistency it settles into your fine lines. Couple with the oxidization... My face just looked dirty and caked on at the end of the evening- THE WORST PART: The shimmer! Why?! Who thought this was a good idea? You won't see it indoors, but as soon as you step and sunlight hits your face... horrible. Just horrible.--So let's see: this claims it does 4 things:- Primes: Setting into any fine lines and amplifying a caked-on look, it does quite the opposite.- Corrects: Did a decent job correcting some redness, but not discoloration.- Hydrates: With sand? No. Just no.- Perfects: It's not even lightly buildable. The shimmer is terrible. Cannot be blended with any powder or concealer...---So, there you go. I wouldn't gift this to a friend. Happy at least it wasn't expensive. - L'oreal, this is not a bbcream. Stop deceiving consumers that might not know any better.If you want the real stuff, stick to korean lines."
"I have naturally wavy hair, but it doesn't really cooperate how I'd like it to. This waving wand is really no help either. I like that it lets you control the heat settings, although I keep it on the highest all the time regardless. It comes with a glove so as not to burn yourself, but it's all just very awkward and the results are not flattering. It may be better if someone uses this on you, but to do it yourself takes a bit of practice and patience. When I thought I had a handle on it, I wrapped my hair just like it said, and got...a yucky, oddly-shaped mess of hair. The end result was not waves, but bent-looking sections of hair. I don't think the shape of the actual wand help at all. It's too boxy. You will not get the waves you want from using this. I tried a few times and got strange results each time. There are so many products out there similar to this, that do a much better job. This just didn't produce results that appeared natural at all. I'm not a fan, and do not recommend this product."
"So supposedly this stuff is some sorta miracle elixir that will transform you into some ultra beatuiful, glowy skinned, magical unicorn?! Is what the hype is made out to be. Its not great at all. Sure the color is pretty but the gold shimmery stuff inside is too big for the face. Smaller than glitter but still not suitable for the face. Plus when it arrived, only half of the tube was filled. So you are paying $30 and only receiving half of what was shown. I would recommend  STROBE CREAM or STROBE LIQUID from MAC. It is a million times better. works beautifully as a highlighter/illuminator and its almost less than half the cost! Dont waste your money on this."
"When I removed the razor from the package, I literally laughed. It looks like something straight from a Saturday Night Live sketch: ""Why buy a razor with three blades when you can have one with fifteen!?"" The over-sized appearance is super silly. Moreover, I have gotten much closer shaves from a ""simple"" (and less expensive) three-blade razor. This one is a bit cumbersome. Additionally, I first used it with a lotion and the razor skipped over and over. Then, I tried it without lotion, and it gave a better, but awkward shave. My underarms were left ""prickly"" even after several passes.If it matters, the aesthetics appear as though it is a generic razor. The instrument is a flat, opaque color. And, for me, was definitely not ergonomic. (It feels/looks like something from the 1980's with extra blades).In this case, for me, less is certainly more."
"I'm giving this product 1 star because its  40.00$ and DOES NOT WORK! I read great reviews on this product and, I don't know why they lied this a horrible waste of money!"
"1st off I have allergies and this stuff made me sneeze, my eyes water which in turn created the sunken dark circles because of all of the allergies going on with the ingredients. To top that off, I have very dry sensitive skin and I broke out with acne, not just pimples, the acne that leaves scars. It took forever to heal and I am permanently scarred!"
"I really had a hard time rating this product, being that I was allergic to it. It left my face red and stinging. Hope it works for others better."
"was expecting something a lot better after reading the reviews. i believe i may have had an old bottle because it smelled cheap. sadly, cannot return it as stated in amazon's return policy for flammable materials. pay more and buy it in person."
"After several weeks of use (about twice a week) I found this dry shampoo unimpressive. It's not horrible, but it's not great, especially considering the price. It did leave very, very subtle pinkish streaks to my hair which is blonde/white and not processed, which was, well, a little different. At least for my hair type, this product didn't do the trick, I prefer the Klorane dry shampoo much more, but if you're still searching for a dry shampoo for you, this one is worth a try."
The one that I received is not as it is pictured.  This barrette is actually larger than I had expected it to be.  It looks cheap and it feels too chunky.  It just looks tacky.
"The only good thing about this product is that it is &#34;smart&#34; in terms of color matching.  It's white in the tube, but after smoothing it on, it adapts to your skin color and even enhances it.  Now, the bad side.  It is VERY drying.  So drying that it shows every tiny to every large wrinkle.  It makes your skin look older."
"I received this set and I'm sorry to say that I was very disappointed in it.  The scent was way too strong and wasn't very pleasant, in my opinion. The scent stayed with me for a long time, so I couldn't wear my own perfume or it would have clashed.  I would really prefer to choose my own perfume and not have a scent chosen for me and included in a body cream.  I think the creams should be unscented or scented with a soft, clean scent.  This smelled like old, pungent perfume.The moisturizing qualities of the body lotion were also disappointing.  It says body cream, but it's thin and not very creamy.  After I applied it, I could not tell that I had used anything at all.The facial cream was also strongly scented.  I liked the way it felt, but I don't think it was any better than drug store brands. The size of the facial cream was very generous, and I think it would last at least 4 months.  I mention that because another reviewer thought it was a 2 week supply.  However, I won't finish the products because I strongly dislike the scent."
"I was a sucker for the beautiful product dispensing/packaging and jar display. (I admit it. You got me.) And I noticed its on sale at Amazon for 62% off. What a surprise!For a regular moisturizing facial cream for sensitive skin, I would give it 1 out of 5 stars. There are plenty of facial creams out there that do the same for less, even at 62% off. As a facial cream claiming to have the rich benefits of essential retinol, a well deserved zero. I have used this product for the recommended months (4+) with no visual improvements. However, within 2 weeks of using 'Good n Natural' brand retinol cream, my dark olive tone skin is brighter and more even toned, softer but firm, and clear. Their packaging is not elaborate but the product works for me."
"I bought these for applying false lashes, they didn't grip them at all I had to use fingers, also took long to ship. Was very inexpensive though,"
"This dye turned my hair so very dark I have to wonder what the heck they did to package it wrong?  It was indeed 8RG, and I used the colorcharm compatible developer (in level 10 since I don't need lift), and I did not over develop it (15 min).  I have never had over-darkening issues from Wella or any other brand.My hair went from level 8 light strawberry blonde to a mousy medium brown with a little red in the sun.  It was at least a level 6 in depth and very dull.  Not at all the titian (coppery red) color indicated!!Beware... what you get might not be what you're expecting."
"I'm not sure how this product gets these great reviews about it being the best ever and how it stays on. I am very disappointed in this &#34;lip stain&#34;.  I wouldn't call this a stain but rather just another lipgloss that promises what it cannot deliver.First , it goes on well, but dries out quickly.Second, the color is nothing like the color on the tube. I bought the rose colored one and it is not rose or even pink for that matter. It dries to an orangish tint.Third, it doesn't stay on any longer than my normal go to lipgloss.Will not be purchasing this again."
"I got this since I thought itd be useful to apply some powder for photos. However, the glue used to apply the bristles was pretyt low quality. I tapped it against the sink before I used it and a third of the bristles fell out."
"This product is not worth buying, even if it is just a buck or two. I used it for winged eye liner and within 5 minutes the entire eyeliner peeled right off as if it was a sticker!. Complete waste of money."
I don't think this worked well.  Maybe there is a trick to it?  I didn't seem to be able to get my brushes clean with it and I didn't want to dunk my brushes in water.  It could just be me...
"The bristles of the brushes fall out easily and never completely clean of polish even when soaked over night in remover. Also create much thicker stripes than I desired.The dotting tools are great because of the 8 different sizes, very easy to clean."
Waste of money I regret all the money I wasted buying this hair loss product that does not do anything in your favor
I have been intermittently using this because it irritates my eyes. My friend who recommended this just said that I just need to make sure it doesn't get into my eyes. That's what I have been doing! I stopped for a few days then tried using it again. It still hurts! I ended up buying fake lashes now hahaha. got effing tired of this. I've also tried rapidlash too and it just causes redness on wherever I applied it. Hope my fake lash glue won't do the same thing. I'm such a loser.
"This is not Kukui oil.  this is an oil blend with a little kukui oil added.  Read the label.That being said, it's a nice oil.  But the labeling is definately misleading."
"all the reviews made me think this product would be the end to all my problems. I will say that when I break out it is because I am so stressed out and I have this horrible HORRIBLE problem of picking. BUttttttttttt, it rally has done nothing for me. It is super cheap so I guess not too much lost."
havent used these because they are way too big and stick out too far. Half of them were broken in the bag when i received them. I would not recommend unless its the look you are going for.
because was not good like they said so they are stole my money it makes my skin sick  i had to go to a dermatologist so the price i a paid was the most expensive customers do something with this  money factory cause they only wants to sell ando dont answer
"What a cute idea.  What a nice looking product out of the box.  The packing materials could be improved upon.BUT...does it work?  I was so excited to try this teardrop shape out and here's what I got.Weird resulting hair.  I wrapped my hair around the barrel as instructed and I got a resulting tangled up mess.  I've never used a curling iron without a clip, so I tried it again and again. I even watched YouTube videos and alas....this curling teardrop shaped iron does nothing for my hair.  My hair is shoulder length. I did notice that the girls using this curling iron with success had extremely long hair....halfway down their backs and it wasn't layered.  This made my hair just shoot out from the scalp in crazy mix-matched ways.  It made me look like a crazy old lady.  I think you need hair long enough to wind around the rod 7 or 8 times.  Mine goes around 3 or 4...and the result is a squished piece of matted hair.(and hey...the instructions say to adjust the heat...but HEY you can't.  There is no heat adjustment!!  The glove does work to ward away heat but you can't hold your fingers against the iron for very long even with the glove on)  The packing materials could be improved upon.  The wand is removable and you can use the base and attach different attachments sold by Remington.  Why not just sell the item with several different wand choices??  Perhaps I just need a different wand...but hey who's going to purchase another attachment on pure hope that that's the problem?"
"I dye my fine-textured, easily broken red hair (to keep it at my ""natural color"", of course) and it's about collarbone length.I'm always looking for a great reconstructor or deep treatment--I use them on a regular basis, to keep my hair from becoming too brittle and breaking, which can happen very easily with my type of hair.I followed the directions to a T and this stuff left my hair feeling like barbie-doll hair.  It was stripped, stiff, and felt like plastic.  When dry, it had no life in it and felt heavy and not soft at all.  I was really disappointed.In fact, I was worried I'd damaged my hair permanently by testing this product!The next day, I used my regular deep conditioner-- the BEST-- Enjoy Color Holding Reconstructor ENJOY Color Holding Formula Instant Reconstructor 33oz  It took 3 uses of this over 3 days to bring it back to normal.  Thank goodness the damage was reversed, but that was really scary.For my type of hair, I cannot recommend this product."
"Did absolutely nothing but break me out even more. I have no idea why it has good reviews but it did not work for me at all. Better off trying the hyaluronic acid by Cosmedica, so much better."
"TO &#34;e.l.f&#34;-do the world a favor,AND STOP MAKING POOR,LOW QUALITY,HORRIBLE PRODUCT!!."
"of course, for their price each is worn only a few times and it is ruinedthe elastic is not good so it's cut in a bit"
"My wife has dry skin, and has been concerned about wrinkles. She tried this product, and LOVED the eye wand. It was cooling and really helped with dryness and puffiness. It only took a couple of days and she really noticed a difference.The downside is that the other two products (day lotion and day/night cream) gave her zits. She broke out badly, and then had to deal with getting rid of zits, which she hasn't had to do in 15 years. The creams felt nice going on, but definitely did not produce desirable results. Your mileage may vary, however, depending on your skin type. Be forewarned."
"This didn't put out much steam, and wasn't very hot. Maybe it's because I'm in the mountains and water produces steam at a lower temp. up here. Anyway, I had a better facial with a pot of boiling water, and had to return this. UPDATE 2011: Want steam??? Use a ""My little steamer"" mini clothing steamer!!! CAUTION: Keep at least 12-15 inches away from your face.  I used distilled water, and this thing really puts out steam, and in less than a minute too! Remember...do not put it too close to your face!!! It generates VERY HOT STEAM!!!"
"If you like barbie pink and looking like you just warped from the 80's than this color is right for you. I was shocked by the color when I applied it to my lips. A little goes a long way! It also applys dry, but if you put a gloss over it it would fix that. I think I'm going to stick to my light pink and nude colors from now on."
"This did barely anything for my acne.  I had tried the usual suspects (salicylic acid, benzoyl peroxide, glycolic acid, tea tree oil, antibiotic gels, clay masks) and was hoping this would work better, but it didn't.  I guess it was better to use this as concealer than makeup to get some clearing action, but I eventually threw it out.  Didn't seem to make any difference in my breakouts."
The wig cap inside is nice. Has a lot of places to adjust the wig. The hair is of great poor quality. Worse then walmart wigs. Sprays and  specialize conditioners and shampoos will not make this wig any better. It's like dried out grass that's so thin and tangles just by blowing on it. I got one in green like this it was crap too. Then I got the blue one last year in April and it was much better quality than this one. They may have changed the quality to much lower ones.
Very poor customer service on trying to return this product. I was accused of lieing about opening this product when I never opened it at all. I sent it back - they said it was opened and sent it back to me. The product may be fine - I do not know as I tried to return it and now have something I do not want.
"Seeing all the reviews I have ordered this product and only one color is nice and blendable in this palette. Rest all the colors are like just some powder, they dont mix well. Initially I thought I am not using the right primer, but I bought a good quality primer , thought my brushes were bad and bought a high quality brushes too...and re tried them on my eyes and still this sucks big time. I am highly disappointed to buy this. And moreover, the palette came with no brushes...Grr....!! I wonder how people gave nice ratings to this. May be amazon is selling any duplicate product? God knows... I dont recommend this to any one..."
"Golly, did this stuff ever burn!  Turned my face red and the itching!  Not overly sure what is in this one compared to the other MK items I use but this one is a real stinker for those of us with sensitive skin.  Must be the anti-aging stuff in it.  Anyway, I'll be going back to my regular MK moisturizer.  It's awesome but this one, doesn't even moisturize!"
"this mascara 100% confirmed (for me) that the mega plush, (that blue one that makes the lashes feel like fluffy feather or w.e) is better and more amazing. For me this just did not work. It clumped and it was messy for me idk i don't wear make-up except for eyeliner and mascara so i need the mascara to work for me and this didn't. but that's just me.Okay! so this came so quickly like a day or two and the packaging was perfect as if i bought it at cvs myself. My mother does like it so its not a complete waste for me. so yeah if something doesn't work for you it will most likely for someone else.Amazon is amazing, as always"
"I've been using it for 3 weeks and saw/felt nothing different in my hair...Smells ok, nothing out of this world, but I was hoping my hair would fell like velvet or something like that, but that didn't happen."
"I really wanted to like this lip gloss, because of the various colors and the brand. I wasn't able to though. To start with I am not a fan of squeeze lip gloss, they are harder to use. The flavors are good, but the texture is super super sticky, and I'm not a fan of that. For the price it really wasn't worth it."
Don't bother with this product. Hair looks shiny when first sprayed on - but the effect disappears as soon as the product dries and you step outside.
"I really wanted to like this, but it just wasn't as effective in clearing up my son's eczema as CeraVe. I did purchase 2 orders to give it a fair try. The second order had leaked out during shipping (about 25% of the product). On a positive note, I do like the thick consistency and the pump dispenser. However, for the price and effectiveness, I prefer other products."
Having a very difficult time with the application process. It leaves a white film that sometimes is impossible to work with. I was hoping for better results on my puffy eyes.
"I think it is a good product, if you are not allergic to it. After using it the third days, I got hives all over my body. It took me two weeks to get better from hives, and I am still taking Benadryl to make sure that all the hives are gone. I just threw the cleanser into the trash when I got hives."
"Luminous Clean Daily Exfoliating Cleanser by Pond's is supposed to cleanse and exfoliate skin for a brighter, ""more luminous"" appearance.  According to the Pond's website, kaolin clay ""acts like a magnet"" to draw out impurities from the skin.Unfortunately, I've been using this product for two weeks and I have not noticed any difference in the appearance of my skin.  I still have to use a separate product to exfoliate.  Additionally, since beginning to use this product daily, I have started to break out around my nose and chin - so I have to wonder how well it's actually cleaning my skin.The product has a wonderful fragrance, but that's about the best thing I can say for it."
Detangles my hair somewhat but I don't notice it being any different than a regular brush. Not impressed with it at all. Wouldn't recommend getting.
"I have been using this shampoo for about 2 weeks now, and my hair looks thinner. Since no shampoo regrows hair and this obviously does not seem to help maintain what I have, I am discontinuing its use. I also noticed that it leaves a film on my hair and makes it sticky. After washing with this shampoo I have to lather Nioxin to wash off the Revita residue on my hair. Yuck! I will stick to Nizoral shampoo and minoxidil."
"Took too long to arrive at my house. Too long of eyelashes for me, I don't normally wear false lashes so maybe its just me. Don't buy if you wear glasses."
I tried this product on my natural hair and i like it but it dries my hair out. It leaves my hair feeling and looking like a giant cotton ball. I would put it in my hair before i went to sleep at night. When i woke up in the morning my hair was super soft. I have never had my hair feel like a pillow. Thats how this product made my hair feel. But it felt dry at the same time. It isn't heavy but had a good consistantcy. My hair soaks up everything so i need a moisturizer that will really moisturize my hair not leave it dry.
"Fytofontana Cosmeceutical Botoceutical Gold Anti-Wrinkle Biotechnology Serum for Adult Skin Over 45, 1.05 Fluid OunceI actually took the ENTIRE 28 days the product recommends to show you if there is an improvement in my skin or not ---please see my accompanying photos.I have hit the magic number on the calendar; I am now 55 years old and time seems to be marching across my face.  So when I had the opportunity to try something like this, something that I wouldn't usually dream of trying, I jumped at the opportunity.Why there is actual gold in the formula is beyond me, I could find no true scientific evidence that it can be absorbed and helped by the skin.  It does make your skin APPEAR to look better though since the light reflects off of the tiny pieces of gold, much like make-up or powders with tiny sparkles in it.Overall, with no BS--I could see no difference in my skin.  It was a pleasant experience to rub and massage this in and the gold does give my skin luminosity, but as far as hardcore getting rid of character lines---I saw nothing different."
"I read this on one of the reviews before I purchased it but since not too many people said the same thing i got it anyways. Wrong decision. The gel is really hard to work with and the brush sucks. Since i don't have great brushes I really couldn't apply it well and it looked really bad.  The powder did help a bit but again, the brush isn't great. Unless I can find a better way to apply this, I won't be using it."
I rate this one star because it did not work even a little bit. I bought it to lighten my scars which are not very dark to begin with and wanted to bring the scars closer to my skin color. Did not work. Used it for 5 months. What a hassle because it is so greasy as well.
"The cream is just not working as it described that &#34;reduces dark circle&#34;, and I don't like the feeling when put it under my eyes."
"My hair is fairly dark. I know dry shampoos are supposed to leave white powdery stuff once you spray it, but why is it so STICKY compare to other ones and leaves me with nasty flakes that almost resembles rice and dandruff? I got so frustrated after using this because my hair looked worse than before. So I had to go into the shower and wash my hair which defeats the whole purpose of using the dry shampoo. It doesn't give me any volume either. My hair becomes flat so it's difficult to play around when it comes to styling. I guess it does suck out the oil from the root a bit. The only pro about this is the smell. Nothing else."
"I am not sure what makes this a face wash for men with sensitive skin! The fragrance is strong, feminine, floral and fruity. Fragrance is the top problem for sensitive skin!  Pretty much anything will wash your face. I assumed this was not likely to irritate it! Fail!!!"
I cannot use these on nails because they are not flat. There is no way to attach them to a nail. I am so disappointed because I waited so long for these to get here. Maybe I can find a craft to use these for but they are useless for nails.
This is suppose to be an eye shadow blending brush! The brush's bristles are so hard it can peel your eyelids off. blending brushes are suppose to be soft and a little wide so that it can do its purpose which is blending. This one not so much what I was looking for and for that price I expected to get something better!
"This didn't do a thing for my skin in any way, shape or form. Save your money, change your diet and exercise."
"This product  deserves a minus negative star.  Who would make such a strong product.  It removed my cuticle and ate away my nails too. They became thin and took on a different shape after using the  product one time.***Worse it appears to keep working after it has been removed days even weeks later my cuticles were still continuing  to shrink. And my nails kept changing from their normal shape to what I see now.  Ugly, unrecognizable nails.-Hope this helps someone before they buy it.  Now I have to start over just when I was starting to get my nails healthy again."
It wasn't a bad product but  I didn't see any results from it. It is really heavy and greasy. I prefer Skinceuticals emollient cream.
This polish is so pretty. The problem is that it fades and changes colors in 5 days to a week. You end up with a pretty manicure that turns terrible. This is common with many gelish polishes. Don't buy this one
"I loved the color and really wanted to like this nail polish, but it turned out to be runny on application."
I threw this brush away pretty quickly after receiving it.  I thought it would be a cheaper version of the #25 Spornette Porcupine brush but just as good.  I was wrong.  The synthetic bristles were awful. Garbage Garbage Garbage
"This wig cap is WAY. TOO. TIGHT. I think it MAY be because of that I have a big head, but honestly, it is really small and easily stretched out. I wore it ONCE, (for like what, 5 minutes?) and it was so stretched out that I couldn't possibly wear it again for it to function properly. Also, for the five minutes I wore it, it gave me a headache. It was so tight against my head. On the bright side, it did keep my hair well packed inside :)"
I watched videos and read some people's blogs of how to apply it. I practiced a few times but never got the knack of it. I do feel it's a waste of my money.
The quality was not that great.. kind of on the imitation side.  There was a great selection but missing the natural feel.
not like my other order the other ones was biger what happened to this order all wrong not what i wanted
I have to agree with the other person it is to heavy and has grease fill you can use it better on your feet but still grease fill not the right lotion for my hands
I bought this in the hopes of returning my hair back to jet black (after totally screwing it up...)It didn't work out so well. My hair was jet black for all of a day before it started to fade... now its a rather light black/ dark brown color... Not at all what I was looking for. I prefer Splat's version of jet black.
When I received these there was only one in the box! Didn't bother to send it back - not worth the trouble. There are better products out there.
"These brushes seemed like a great value, but you truly get what you pay for, some of the brush heads have already come off before even using them, I guess it was good there were so many in the package."
"No where near 3000, no where near 1/2 of that! Left claim with seller, will see what happens. Very disappointed. WHY would they not put the correct number in the listing or at the least a number in the area of what you actually get? The picture in the description has to be several containers added into one in order to get the look of so many. Item is also VERY thick but i'm not even worried about that. Very disappointing!"
"Maybe I have received a dud bottle of this stuff. I have used this product twice. I did a swatch test on my wrist the day that I got it and did not have a reaction. The first time I used it was when I was gardening. I applied it to my arms, ears, neck, and face. About 2 hours later, after I was done gardening, I went and took a shower to get all the dirt and sunblock off. The sunblock felt very greasy on the skin, so I was very thorough with washing it off. When I woke up the next day, my cheeks, chin, and neck were broken out with whiteheads. There was a very large pimple under my earlobe. I immediately suspected the sunblock. A few weeks later, I sprayed the sunblock on when I was reading outside, on my porch. I applied it to my face, shoulders, arms, neck, ears and legs. About 30 minutes later I went swimming, and after that, I took a cool shower and washed the sunblock off. The next day I was broken out on the backs of my legs, above my knee (I've never had acne there before), my neck, chest, shoulders, and face. I didn't use the sunblock again after that. My father and his friend used the sunblock when they went hunting a few months later. My father broke out around his chin and nose, and his friend broke out around his jaw and neck.I would not recommend this product to anyone."
"ladies, please don't waste your money on this product.  It's gluey and sticky and builds up!  I will never waste my money on Devacurl products again.  It is not for mixed or black hair!"
"Most of the time I love, love, love Olay moisturizers.  They work really well and have little or no scent.  Unfortunately, this one is an exception to the scent rule.  The scent of this one is so strong it could double as a perfume.  And it is not like a citrus scent, which I can usually tolerate.  This is a flowery scent that does not dissipate at all after you put it on . . . even in the rain. Within a hour of wearing it, I stared having sinus problems.Also,  although it does not state on the box it can be worn under foundation, I assumed it could, since this has a sunscreen and is not described as a night moisturizer.  But that was disastrous, too.  I useCoverGirl Smoothers Aquasmooth Compact Foundation, Natural Beige 740,  0.4-Ounce, which has a nice matte finish.  On top of this moisturizer, however, the finished look was definitely more caked.  I just washed everything off after two hours.  I'm truly sorry I can't use this product, since it promises so much, and Olay products usually deliver what they promise."
"My hair curls very easy, at the lowest setting did nothing.. Actually no settings but the highest one worked. Made very loose curls and took long time holding to achieve them, my hair smelled like it was burning(which it was). My curls were gone in a matter of 2 hours. What a shame, I wanted big beautiful curls. I will keep using what works for me, the chi flat iron to make smaller curls, which last me 3 days. Returning this item."
"I bought this on Amazon for 29.99. I had high hopes for this product as I have been a loyal and happy consumer of Conair products for over 20 years. I am very disappointed with pretty much every aspect of this product. It is cumbersome to use, as it is heavy and awkward. It also gets very hot, even on the lowest temperature. There is nothing protecting the device from your skin, so you have to be very careful not to burn yourself.The straightening feature works well enough, but leaves crimps in your hair if you are a novice. The curling feature is totally cumbersome, and very easy to burn your skin in the process. Even with the correct grip, the curl feature just stinks. I use my loyal conair hot rollers to curl my hair.All in all, a total bomb. Will I use the product: sometimes. Would I buy it again. NO WAY!UPDATE: Two years later I still have this accessible, but never use, I pulled it out last week, and was reminded how cumbersome and impractical this is."
Too small and TOO cheap!!!! I know you get what you pay for but I paid for more than this!! It's just SO tiny and the plastic handle is so thin I'm afraid it will break if used in the normal fashion. Don't waste your money.
I think its different from what you get in stores. I did not like it at all. I used a whole bottle I baught at macy's. I have not used this perfume at all. I wish I could return it.
You get a generic hair piece to clip onto existing hair and if you don't have much hair in the front to clip the hair piece onto.....it's impossible to keep in place.  The piece also needs major trimming.I feel dumb for having bought this.  Go me........
"I'm a black women who enjoys my hair natural. I heard a lot of hype about this product on youtube and several other blogs that were actually pretty referable. So I gave it a shot. At first it seemed to be making my hair soft, but the next morning, my hair was hard as a rock! I could bearly pull it back in a puff. I had to suffer through work all day until I was finally about to come home and scrape that crap out of my hair."
"This is very, very shimmering with low pigment.  You have to apply a lot to get any color and then you wind up looking like a disco ball (and I'm really fair-skinned.)  And it made me breakout on the first day.  So, no success at all with this product."
"When did ponds become an expensive product? I tried Luminous Moisture for three days and it is a nice, light moisturizer that carries a heavy price. I didn't see any unique ""luminous"" qualities when used on myself or when my daughter used it but it absorbed well and felt light. It does have a fragrance though.  The 1.7 ounce tube will not last a month of daily use and I suggest buying a simple bottle of Oil of Olay SPF15. Amazon has them is double packs but for approximately $9.00 you can get a 6 ounce bottle at Walmart that's triple the amount of product compared to Ponds."
"I love bare minerals products, but I don't care much for this mascara. I love the brush on it, but I feel that after a few hours, it starts to get flakey and Starts to smeer on my face, and get in my eyes."
I used this conditioner and it made my hair so frizzy & weighed down. It's got to much Mint & Rosemary in it. It made my hair look & feel awful! I will never use it again
"this was far too harsh on my skin.  retinol is clinically proven to reduce wrinkles.  this makes alot of claims but they are not backed up by research.  so, why spend the $$ if there is no science behind it."
This brush feels really good but it creates static. I wet it a little bit before using it just so my hair doesn't fly up. Wouldn't recommend.
"Please Do NOT BUY..These brushes are unusable, I couldn't get a single nail done.I should've listened to my gut instinct and the bad reviews"
"I can't even pronounce half the ingredients in this product.  When I first used it, I had white flaky stuff appearing on my skin so reduced the amount I used.  My skin is dry and sensitive and when I put moisturizer on before or afterwards, it seems to negate any effect it might have.  If I leave it by itself, it feels a little tight.  But here's the thing--the container doesn't work now.  You pump and nothing comes out where it should.  If you press it down further, the product oozes up the sides of the pump and makes a mess.  They need to get this design nailed down or they'll never sell many."
I purchased this because it's 100% Vegan/Wheat and Gluten Free.  Having sensitive skin I thought I would be safe.  I saw it locally and thought the fragrance was great but upon using it I found it very offensive.  And?  My skin is irritated....granted I have sensitive skin...it feels itchy and has a burning sensation.  I would recommend this for a person who has sensitive skin or doesn't like strong fragrance.
"Absolutely useless. Don't even know what to say about this thing. You have to hold it just right, while you apply mascara or eye shadow. Waste of money, really."
I was extremely disappointed with these brushes. All three fell apart after only one or two wipes onto a paprr towel after using acrylic. I had another just like it tthat I love so I ordered these to have more. I woukd gi e a zero rating if possible.
"This was a waste of money for me. I don't have  &#34;deep wrinkles&#34; just a couple of fine lines that are honestly barely noticeable so I figured this product would work for me for sure--NOT It didn't do anything for me at all so I ended up using it as a hand creme since I didn't want to waste my money. It may work for you, but it didn't work for me at all"
"I bought this hoping that a more expensive brand would make my hair softer and shiner. I was wrong. It did get the knots out of my hair and it smelled good when you were shampooing BUT after it dried the smell completely vanished and in just a few hours my hair started smelling dirty. And it weighed my hair to the extreme. I guess if your hair is naturally overly dry to the point where it takes a week to get oily then it might be fine. But I was highly dissatisfied. After 2 uses I gave it away and went and bought the red bottle of herbal essences off the shelf, which is 20x better. I wouldn't suggest wasting your money on this."
It's enormous!  I had no idea how big this thing would be.  Only someone with tons of hair could hope to use it.  Found better ones at Jewel--cheaper there!
"I saw this lipstick advertised in a magazine and was impressed with the color. The color was deliciously frosty and a light creamy flesh tone. I wanted it instantly. Unfortunately, after I bought the color I was  disappointed. You can hardly tell I'm wearing any lipstick at all! Its like clear grease.After perusing Maybelline's site, I can see that the color is most likely the result of a lipliner pencil in the shade of N.UDE which I think is what the model is wearing. So if you want a color to look like that, you'll have to buy the pencil too."
I see a lot more from Dr Denese and her serum than this.  You need to put a lot on just to make sure it covers. Not worth the money
Again not happy with the application at this time. It is not as easy to brush on and avoid lumps
"This does not have enough exfoliation in my opinion, to notice/feel any difference, even after using for several days.  Leaves my skin clean, but nothing special at all about this product.  Disappointing..."
I purchased this product to lighten the dark spots on my face and I did not have any skin lightening (I am a dark brown african-american.) The soap dissolved quickly. My other organic bar soaps lasts quadruple the time this soap lasted.
lotion that doesn't really work unless you buy it every three months and use nonstop. it smells wonderful but you have to spend a lot of money to get the results
I tried some of this while visiting my brother. Thescent's terrific but I would never buy it for myself.Filled with harsh sulfates and other toxins. I useorganic bar soap or Every Day Shea (Alaffia) to washmy hands now.
"This product dries out the skin, so beware!Usually Clinique products do not have a smell, but this one does -- a lemon-y scent that takes over. It is too much, and stings the eyes. SO now one has to buy a different product for makeup removing for the eyes. I'm back to Paula Begoun -- her products are THE BEST."
These lashes are seriously natural. Why would you want something that looks just as short (if not shorter) than your lashes? If you are thinking of doubling them up with another type of longer lash to give it depth- then you would still be let down. save your pennies
"i don't like this eyeliner. it's not pointy & it smudges all over my eyes and whenever i check my make up bag, the covers are not on it. it's not tight and just messed up my bag. don't buy this."
"I just received this today, a week late. There are not 1200 stones, nor 12 colors. I doubt there is even 500 stones in here, and two sections are red (same type of red) , 1 dark green section, 1 dark blue section, 1 dark purple section, 1 black section, 1 silver section, 1 light pink section, 1 light blue section, 1 yellowish gold section, and 1 light purple section. I decided to count them, even though this was time consuming, I still knew I was right there are a total of 532 gems in here. I want a replacement or credit or something! RIP OFF! DO NOT BUY!!!"
"When this hairpins only come I was happy, because it looks gorgeous. But when I put it on my hair it just fall down. This hair stick does not work properly, it does not keep on my hair."
"My powder shades, cream shades, liquid shades all crease dramatically when I use this. The color does look brighter but I have to keep fixing the crease line every 2 hours or so. Also I didn't realize this was for a package of three and on the plus side its really inexpensive."
"While it looks good when I first put it on, it doesn't stay on.  I read that other people use powder blush over this and it will stay very long.  I'd rather just use powder blush than to put two different blushes on."
"This stuff is horrible...no tingling,no nothing. it doesnt spread on, instead clumps of crappy orange junk that does nothing. Look elsewhere if your looking for any peeling effects."
"this is a really sticky toner,.the texture is really light and watery but after I apply it on my face it feels super super sticky.After few time use with the Hadalabo shirojyun Medicated Bihaku Whitening Cream my face started to break out terribly. Maybe its just not work for me D:"
"I bought this for my husband who is not a beauty product using kind of guy but he has wavy almost curly hair that tries to fro on him if he doesn't use a mousse that will really hold his hair to his head. Since he works outside, it has to be strong and it has to hold all day. Probably less than about a quarter of the products on the market will do a sufficient job of that for him. This one is one that didn't work very well. By the end of the day, the hold lets go and his hair is pretty frizzy.Also I purchased two bottles and the second one that we used wouldn't dispense the product half way through the bottle so we had to throw it away."
"This left my hair impossibly staticky.  Not sure why as I don't have that problem with other brushes.  The barrel is also too large for my hair, but would be perfect for someone with really long hair.  It feels like plastic and wasn't very comfortable when I used it."
"When I received this it was in a sealed package,  but there was a reddish brown substance on the needles and at the base of the needles. I guess you can seal anything,  but it just seemed gross and if it was sanitary then why was the metal oxidized."
I bought 2.  One for myself and one as gift.  I only used it 1-2 times a week! The one I used worked for about 3 weeks before it completely stopped pumping any liquid out anymore after 3 weeks.  The one I gave as a gift worked for a while but was really hard to push.  You had to push REALLY hard to get any remover to come up.  A big pain.  I would not recommend.
"The good:  The light is bright enough, unlike many make up mirrors out there (hello Conair).The bad:  The mirror is seriously distorted. VERY noticeable.  Also 5x is not really strong enough magnification and the mirror is smaller than pictured. While I think 10x is a bit too much, 5x is not large enough."
"Simply doesn't work. It's somewhat useful for keeping brow hairs in place, but doesn't actually accelerate the growth of your eyebrows or eyelashes."
The picture is very deceiving . The bottle is small . Not what the picture looks like. The product works good . So I can't complain
"These are probably not the best quality art polish you can buy, but overall their positives far outweigh their negatives.Pros:There is a good variety of colors (both solids and glitters)The colors are all vibrantThey come in a plastic stand that keeps them all well organized (thin plastic, just a store display, but very useful nonetheless)They seem last a decent amount of time before chippingCons:I have run across a few bottles that are too thin and few more that are gooeyEvery once in a while the brush separates from the lid and has to be screwed in againI can't use these on stamping plates as the polish is generally too thin (it's only listed as a con because the plastic tray they come on says to use Shany image plates for the best results)Overall, for the price I think you get a really good quality and great varietyEdit: I've changed my review to two stars because I've found multiple bottles that are dried out and totally solid.  Plus, about half of these are so thin they don't leave good lines and require several coats.  Not great for nail art and impossible for stamping."
It made my hair feel like disgusting!  Like straw!  My hair has never felt so nasty.  And it smells awful too.  I'll be throwing this in the trash!!
"This color sucks so bad. I have dark blonde hair to begin with, and this ""dye"" didn't dye my hair at all. It looks exactly the same. Only 1% red tint in the sun. I tried taking pictures of it, but there was no difference. My friends didn't even realize I dyed my hair until I told them. I even left this dye on for 20 minutes. I didn't do anything wrong, this dye just sucks. At least it didn't damage my hair."
"If you want a moisturizing lotion go for it, it if you want something that smells like green apple then leave it alone.  This lotion smells wonderfully just like green apple while in the bottle but once you rub it on your skin the scent is gone within 5 seconds.  I purchased this because I was wanting a green apple scent but dislike perfumes. I could've gotten 3 unscented &#34;pure&#34; body creams anwywhere for $13. This was a mistake on my part. I will not  purchase any &#34;scented&#34; lotions from this label after having  this experience unless I plan to leave it in the bottle with the cap off so I can actually tell that it has a scent."
This polish is not as thick as other products I get from OPI. The print on bottle is as a little bit different from other products. I am afraid it is not a real OPI product. But I am not sure.Color is good anyway.
Doesn't help with bonding and doesn't work as protection as top coat.  Thumbs down.  Will not purchase again.  I'll go the old-fashioned way. Separate product for undercoat and another for top coat.  waste of money.
"I wish they would bring back the old Slimquick.  I have an empty bottle and the ingredients are totally different that this newer formula.  The new stuff did not curb my appetite or do anything to burn fat.  I want to take a pill and have it work on my BRAIN to tell my brain that it has NO desire to eat~or at least give me some willpower... This doesn't.  And it didn't burn any fat either.  The only drug that has done that so far is Phentermine.  The old Slimquick wasn't a miracle drug, But it did give me some energy and focus to do things other than want to eat.  This new stuff doesn't do anything for me at all.  (Like the RX Phentermine.. If you really want to lose weight, go see a Dr. and get Phentermine~The REAL stuff.  It works amazing!)Not a weight loss drug to me."
"I bought this for my daughter. She has acne, and I was hoping for a mask that would at least clean her face out minimally. This mask did absolutely nothing for her."
"Having tried their shampoo, I was hoping for similar results from the conditioner.  For me that wasn't the case and I would not buy this again."
"I usually like the stuff that garnier puts out. I used their anti sun damage serum and moisturizer and their hair products but wow, this stuff was awful! The color was fine. I'm pretty fair. But the consistency was disgusting! So greasy and thick. e[...] I could not stand the way this stuff felt on my face and had to take it off. It made my face really shiny too (maybe that's they mean by ""glow""but it just looked oily to me) and I agree with the reviews that say it has this cheap, bronze look to it. I ended up returning it and buying Maybelline's BB Cream. Same price for half the amount of product but well worth it. Don't waste your money on this nasty, cheaply made BB cream."
"As a moisturizer, I'd give this lotion decent marks... it moisturizes the skin and I like that it rubs in easily and a few minutes later there is no perceptible residue.  But holy smokes - the smell!  With a name like ""botanical blend"" I had expected a subtle, somewhat natural aromatherapy-type smell.  Instead, it's like a combination cleaning solvent and car air freshener.  AS I type this, my partner, who just applied some about 10 minutes ago, is standing 10 feet away from me.  I can smell it.  And I'm getting a headache.  I don't like writing negative reviews and I don't like reading them, but I also don't like wasting money on products I'm going to throw away, so I hope this helps.  The reason for the two stars (vs less) is that I think the product does a good job moisturizing if you can somehow get over the smell.If you're looking for an excellent moisturizer on Amazon, tryAveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion, 8-Ounce Tubes (Pack of 3)Aveeno daily moisturizer... wonderful scent, great moisturizer, can't rave enough about that product.Hope this helps!"
I guess I shouldn't have expected much but sheesh this was a horrible cheap wig and lasted only 2 or 3 wears before it was tangled and useless. Don't buy
"I really wanted to like these, as they are designed for sensitive skin, not tested on animals and priced right. They did a good job of removing makeup, in my opinion, but I ended up with red, burning, irritated skin. Also, you can't use these on your eyes so you're left needing a separate product for eye makeup. Disappointing."
"The other reviewers are correct! This cute cute cute shower cap is just too small.  It's terribly soft and looks very well made, but I have a big head and I usually just put my hair in a bun and then put the shower cap on top of that. Unfortunately though, when I did that with this one I just barely got all my hair in there and my hairline was significantly showing all the way around. Darn. Other than that, I love it. It will work well for my 8 year old niece, but of course, she doesn't care about keeping her hairstyle right now, and probably never uses a shower cap. Personally, I don't think this would ever be able to fit an adult sized head, but it would be great for a kid and would look cute as a button.I received this as a sample for a fair and honest review. If you're blessed or cursed with a tiny head, this would be great."
"When I used this product, it made my hair feel even dryer than it was before. Ive seen people say if made their hair fall out, it didn't do that to me but it did make my hair very dry."
"My mom's been buying this moisturizer for a while,  so when she ran out, I told her I can buy it for her from amazon (because it was so much cheaper than the drugstores). Any way when she opened it, she told me it had an odd smell, different from the one she bought at the local drugstores. The color was also slightly different. She questioned whether it went bad, did the formula change? So I emailed Amazon, and like always they have awesome customer service. They asked me to provide the lot number and expiration date. , I was able to provide the number but the expiration date was not found on the jar. They told me to discard it and that they would get back to me with either a refund or replacement. I'm hoping for the latter. My mom loves this moisturizer and it's so much cheaper than buying it in the stores. I'll update the rating after I get my replacement."
"Thick and dark.Messy,covers but shows pores.If buying, get a shade lighter than normal maybe that would help.  Cat in Pa."
"I have recently been on the hunt for a good quality, relatively inexpensive lighted mirror for my room so that I can apply makeup in the morning before work. I've never owned a lighted mirror before, and always just used a regular table-top vanity mirror with a goose-neck clip-on light. It worked fine for me, but I wanted something more practical due to limited bedroom space. After browsing Amazon for several mirrors, I liked the look of this Jerdon LED mirror the best, and bought it based on the high star rating.When I received it, the lights did not work at all. I tried two different sets of new batteries... and nothing. It was a small annoyance, but Amazon sent out another one immediately and the new one worked just fine.It's a nice quality mirror itself, and I really like the mini magnified mirror, but the lighting is just odd to me. It is EXTREMELY bright and distracting but is okay as long as you don't focus on them. But the reason it is odd to me is that despite how bright the LED lights are, it still doesn't produce a whole lot of light in the mirror reflection. It seems like a contradiction, but nevertheless that is what I experienced. The lighting is just not good enough for me to feel comfortable applying makeup.I did not experience some other issues people were having, such as the mirror not staying in place when tilting it, or the screw not fitting. I assembled it just fine and it seemed pretty sturdy to me, and had no problems keeping the mirror in place where I wanted it to be. This could have been a great mirror, but I ended up returning it to Amazon and kept searching for my perfect mirror.On a final note, I just want to say that I ended up purchasing about 4 different mirrors here on Amazon, until I realized that if I wanted a really good-quality makeup mirror I was going to have to pay for it. I just couldn't find one bright enough for my needs, and ended up purchasing the SimpleHuman sensor mirror. It is very expensive, and I had certainly NOT intended to pay such a price for a mirror, but it really is perfect and I consider it an investment."
"1. I have been using this color (74 deep copper) for a while. I still like it but the shade is different everytime. Sometimes more towards strawberry blonde, sometimes more copper, sometimes more red hues...2. It  fades away very fast. Faster than other red tones I've used.Even if I am lucky enough to get the color advertised on the packaging, it lasts only for a day or two. After about 10 days the hair looses all the luster."
"I ordered this on July 13, 2013 but did not open it until today as I had a back up supply.  When I was assembling the dye I discovered that the company had completely neglected to include the capsules  of dye itself, rendering the entire purchase useless.  I can find no contact # or e address so I'm just out the $$ plus have faded eyebrows and must resort to an eyebrow pencil or brush while on a trip.  This is not the first time this company has messed up an order.  The first time the box arrived uncushioned and crushed with several capsules not useable.  Watch these people.  Their product is good but their quality over sight is abysmal."
I didn't particularly like it because the dotting part is so small and the color is not how I pictured it to be. and the brush works fine I guess. I don't use it much
"The smell is nice (if you like cloves), but I used this product daily for a few weeks and really did not notice a difference. I bought this to replace an old tube of avon cuticle treatment cream thinking oil would be better, and I liked the fact that this is organic. I still have a bottle that's 3/4 full but I think I will spring for the solar oil because that is what my salon uses and it seems to penetrate better than this particular product."
"I have a tarte concealer which I love but is also very expensive so decided to give this one a try. It is very cakey and thick. What I love about my tarte concealer is that its so light and blends in with your skin. Doesn't build up or wrinkle on your skin. This one does. If you wear a lot of make up, this one might work for you to blend in with your foundation and cover up. But I don't wear any face make up besides the occasional spot concealer for blemishes or dark circles under my eyes. I tried to use it for both of those things and didn't like how it turned out. One thing I did use it for and I liked the way it turned out was as a highlighter around my eyebrows. I filled my eyebrows in with a dark power and then spread this all along the outline and blended out. It gave my eyebrows a great contrast, exactly what I was going for and it looked great. So if you're looking for a good concealer, spend the extra $ and get tarte or benefit, if you're looking for an eyebrow highlighter then spend the $ on this!"
"I'm starting to think I must be doing something wrong since so many reviewers praise this product. I've had pretty good results with DevaCurl's No-Poo and One Condition, but all of their styling products seem to promote the conditions I'm looking to avoid.I'm a guy with dry and frizzy hair that I have been trying to tame ever since I grew my hair out two years ago. I've gone to Sephora and tried every brand that they carry, including Devacurl. Unfortunately, this styling cream turns my hair into a fluffy, frizzy, dry, undefined mess."
I'm a big fan of salicylic peels. This fluid definitely tingles/burns but I didn't experience the skin renewal as others did. The item did not come with instructions and didnt get response from seller. Now...it's just sitting in my bathroom cabinet. Waste.
"although I believe the Roc products I have used do what they claim, this particular Daily Moisturizer seems to me, just to be a sunscreen...and that's it. I do not see any other benefits and will not purchase again. Will maybe try the daily gravity cream instead."
cheap? yeah! very! good? NO! It doesn't only look fake (yes of course you may say - they are fake...but those look really really fake) - they do not stay on even with a really good glue. so...I hate them!
"The tip gets so clogged with colour in a few minutes, that it becomes fairly useless.  Just use the side of an old nailfile to get rid of those excess bits, works a lot better."
"I thought the color would be right for me but its to light every shade in the pump. I might try the next shade Medium Deep. The concept of being able to adjust your makeup is just so appealing to me. I do this on my own to make my perfect shade. So I would lave it if I could have it in one product.I'm an African American Woman. Honey complexion or golden tones...using this description because the makeups I purchase usually are in Honeys, Goldens and Soft Carmel. Again if your complexion matches mine this is to light and get a shade darker."
"I read all those good reviews and I decided to give it a try, this a very expensive soap with the same results as the Ivory soap, I didn't feel any difference on my skin , neither left it as moisturized as I thought, is thousand times much better Olay bar soap Sheer moisture with tangerine oil which smells like the most expensive fragrance, my skin smells and feels divine and my entire bathroom smells the same after I take a shower and for only a fraction of the price of that french soap. If you want an expensive soap with a bunch of dry flowers in it, then buy it! I won't buy it again period."
"I am giving 2 stars because in the beginning I was enjoying it. It gives a natural look to fuller eyebrows.The problem started when I had to sharpen it (which was soon). I did and it seemed ok, but then it broke and the second time I sharpened it was all gone. Now I just have the highlighter, which so far doesn't even need to sharpen.So I am very disappointed with it. I don't recommend and I will never buy again."
"I have used and liked other Blum natural cleansing wipes. This  one is loaded with sickening perfume. They don't mention this in the ingredient list. I had to wash my face after using one because the odor was so overwhelming, but the smell was still apparent. I don't think this is just a plant based scent, as they claim. It  smells more like a chemical additive, like parfume. But if it is truly ""plant based"" they went waaaaay overboard. On the Pro side, all the Blum wipes I've used do clean well and are a convenient alternative to remove make up."
"This smells like regular unscented soap, and seems to act like regular soap. I've never been able to use lye-based soaps, not even castile versions because they all dry my skin and make it feel too tight; but I had hoped that this would be different - not! I'm guessing that the use of ashes in the manufacture of this soap makes it too alkaline as does regular lye soap. It leaves a residue on my skin, and dries my skin. I hate the soapy scent, and the residue. The &#34;smooth&#34; feeling on my skin is actually the residue left on it after washing with this. The drying effect made my skin look like parchment. Horrible cleanser!"
"Ordered it on 3/11, and its not even scheduled to ship until 4/29..... Really? Its going to take over a month to even get shipped? Seriously considering cancelling the order and buying a different lot."
"This concealer works just about as well as any other I've tried except it's heavier. My dark circles still show, and I find it difficult to work with. Maybe it works for someone, but not me. Sorry I tried it. Do not recommend."
Wanted to Take a chance on lash serum and chose this. Used a month with no Measurable difference. Save your money and keep looking.
"I'm usually a big fan of the Fake Bake products, but this one is lacking in my opinion. The color it produces is a very nice bronze, but the smell is terrible! I'm not exaggerating when I say that, either. I've smelled some pretty stinky tanners, but this one tops the list.I didn't have any problems with breakouts, but I did notice that my face was a lot greasier while using it.Overall, it will give you good color and the price is right if you can get past the smell."
"I received this and tried it the next morning after my shower.  I applied a very thin layer to my face where I've got spots (aren't they freckles?).  Later on in the day, my face felt itchy and when I rubbed, a layer of this came off.  It was like glue almost.  I was pretty surprised, to say the least.  I washed my face and decided to re-try it the next day.Next day:  I applied an even thinner layer and the same thing happened.Third day:  I barely put any on my face and still ended up with gluey stuff on my face.  I told my teen it felt ""gloppy"" and that I didn't like it.I have used Oil of Olay products before and have been very happy with them, but am not happy with this one and won't buy it."
"I have had this product for a little more than 2 months now, and I have not noticed a difference in my hair.  I spray it after I wash my hair and it is damp.  This product does not get rid of my tangles.  In fact, I think it makes it worse...is that possible?  I think I am going to stick with my infusion, I know that stuff works and it is cheaper."
"Burnout's Ocean Tested mix has some organic ingredients but this is not an acceptable mix for a high ZO. BurnOut is uzing the ZO mix as a marketing tool to sell chemicals to individuals who do not read the ingredients or have no idea about ingredients. From alcohol to gum to hardeners. I make my own sunscreen but for times when I do not, I need the same formula as I use in my organic sunscreen mix with fewer ingredients. Zinc is what you see surfers put on their nose for protection.Active Ingredients: Zinc Oxide (non-nano) 18.9%Other Ingredients: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Water (Aqua), Glycerin, Polysorbate 60, Stearic Acid, Cetyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Cetearyl Glucoside, Stearyl Alcohol, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Polyglyceryl-3 Ricinoleate, Isostearic Acid, Lecithin, Xanthan Gum, Carrageenan, Helionori, Punica Granatum (Pomegranate) Extract, Plantago Lanceolata (Plantain) Leaf Extract, Ascorbyl Palmitate (Vitamin C), Ethylhexylglycerin.Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one, blocks both UVA (320-400 nm) and UVB (280-320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer - 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin's DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF.A good sunscreen formula should not have more than a handful of 90% plus certified organic ingredients and FREE OF; fragrances, perfumes, additives, softeners, thickening agents, gums, alcohol, biologically harmful chemicals like Avobenzone, Oxybenzone, UV Chemical absorbers, paraben, phthalates, PABA and 1,4 dioxane. BABO has 22% ZO with conventional not organic ingredients which is a higher amount of ZO than an organic brand like BADGER with 18.5% ZO. But ZO is not the only ingredient in BABO so there are few issues with BABO formula. ZO is like mud, the higher, the better protection but ZO stays on the surface of the skin for protection so for many, high ZO will not work since it will be too heavy. One needs to try different mixes to find the mix acceptable to them based on ingredients, feel and performance. For a small investment, sunscreens may offer the possibility of sun burn, pain, cancer, medical bills, pain killers, etc. that come with skin exposure to the sun."
"I ordered a 15 inch and that's not what I received Instead I was sent a 10 inch that was.nowhere near the color I requested , I asked for a 2 I was sent a 4 which is.way off .so I can't use it it's way to short and the color is way off it doesn't.match . ...then it took two weeks to come save your money.not worth itIM stuck with something I will never use"
"Received this product in which many of the nail tips were broken.  There were no wells in tios and tips were vety very thin, I don't think using this product will give my clients elegant durable nails."
"I was looking for a solution to the bags and a little bit of darkness under my eyes.  After several weeks, I saw virtually no results.  I used it in conjunction with it's companion eye cream. Waste of money and a terrible disappointment to use apply two products under my eyes for several weeks (time consuming and inconvenient) only to see no results."
"2 stars; I couldn't use this easily. Granted, I have small hands, but I don't think that was the issue. I have a strong grip. Yet the tip of the blades was kind of bulky which made it hard to get into the sides of the nails and because it was too big, I had to hold it at a weird angle. Overall, I wouldn't be able to use it for anything. I returned it."
"I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE HYPE. This just leaves a weird pattern on my face since I'm applying it with the sponge, it absorbs way more product than a brush, and I have to wet it which just makes the foundation look super oily! Blegh!"
"This is the worst body wash I have ever used and I have used a few (from most regular mass market products like Axe, Old Spice to designer brands like Armani, Dunhill). The things that I expect from a bodywash/shower gel are:1) It should clean you very well and leave you feeling fresh (BUT while doing so it should not dry your skin). In the long run it should be good for the skin.2) It should not have any ingredient which is harmful for the skin. Specifically I avoid the following like plague: Petrolatum, Parben, Mineral Oil (apart from these, I also try to avoid SLS (Sodium Lauryl Sulfate/ Sodium Laureth Sulfate) but it is hard to find a body wash or shower gel without SLS - its pervasive).3) Have a good soothing or invigorating fragrance (while not being so strong as to cause a headache)Before beginning this review let me tell you why I avoid the ingredients Petrolatum, Parben and Mineral Oil - all these ingredients, in the name of 'moisturizing your skin by locking in vital moisture' actually form a sheath on top of your skin and clog its pores. This is extremely unhealthy for the skin since skin, for being healthy, needs to be able to breathe freely for expelling impurities out of the system. The implication of using products (body washes, shower gels) with these ingredients is that you do not feel as fresh after the shower (compared to products  without these ingredients) since your skin pores are clogged and suffocated. Though I noticed that this Dove Men + Care Clean Comfort Body Wash contained Petrolatum (and SLS), I wanted to give it a try since I hold in high regard Unilever in general for their well engineered products and the Dove brand in particular for their moisturizing bar soap which is one of the best soaps for skin and is a fantastic product.However I was shocked when I used this. It is the worst of all worlds - This body wash almost does not clean you at all but leaves such a heavy residue on your skin that you will feel horrible - as if you did not have a shower at all. And dare you use this when you are a little more unclean than usual - when you come out of the shower you will wonder whether you had a shower at all. There is absolutely NO feeling of freshness OR cleanliness that you expect from a shower. Now some might argue that usually 'moisturizing' body washes are intended more to moisturize than to leave you feeling squeaky clean - well I'm not talking of anything even close to squeaky clean here - when you have a bath (even if it were with the world's most moisturizing soap/body wash) you expect to feel a minimal level of freshness (otherwise there is no point of a bath - you might as well smother yourself with moisturizing lotion instead).Ok - so this does a horrible job of cleaning. So what about its claims of moisturizing ? The only thing this body wash does is clog your pores and leave your skin feeling suffocated - not supple and well cared for. So if you have an oily skin or if you are a little stale from perspiration and get into the shower with this, you will feel horrible since this will 1) not clean you in any way 2) lock in the dirt that you had before the shower - can you imagine how bad that can feel ? I wonder whether this product was well tested on actual people (which is a basic requirement and the norm with any cosmetic manufacturer of credibility/repute) before being rolled out.As for the fragrance, its just OK. Nothing that you would look forward to.I'm thoroughly disappointed with Unilever for releasing such a badly engineered and tested product. This is extremely uncharacteristic of this very good FMCG company. I threw this in the bin after using it thrice (I was disgusted after the very first use but wanted to give this a chance just in case the first day was a 'bad bath day' - but alas the bad was not in the day - it was in the gel).Well this review was a passionate one and so could come across to some as bordering on the weird - for after all its a body wash isn't it ? Your life does not depend on it. But well, I am very particular about the decisions I make for my health, grooming and well being. This product was so horrible that it disgusted me to the extent necessary to elicit such strong feelings of dislike and disapproval. However, as I always suggest, do not take my word for it - try this yourself (if you want) with an open mind but at the same time being conscious of what to test/look for after reading this review - because after all you are the best judge of what suits you and what is good for you. Also, I strongly suggest that you try to find a cleaning product without SLS (Sodium Lauryl Sulfate/ Sodium Laureth Sulfate), since SLS penetrates the skin and even the internal organs easily and can cause havoc like endocrinological imbalances, neurological disorders, organ toxicity and cancer on long term use."
"If this product didn't contain any of the harmful ingredients below or any other harmful ingredients I would have given it 5 stars.The Good:-- Most of the ingredients in this product ARE really great.-- I like that I know what each ingredient is.-- The product smells great.-- The product feels great on the skin.-- The product rinses away well leaving my skin feeling amazing.-- MADE IN THE USA-- Not tested on animalsThe Bad:-- Really good marketing.-- This product contains methyl/propyl parabens, used as a preservative-- This product contains phenoxyethanol (derived from rose oil) as a preservative-- This product contains Cocamide DEA, used as a foaming agent (derived from coconuts but it's been linked to cancer & miscarriages)-- My Opinion - I don't see how they can market a product that contains parabens, phenoxyethanol & Cocamide DEA and call it natural and say that it has the finest ingredients.Parabens and phenoxyethanol are used as a preservative but honey is as well. So... why do they need to add the parabens or the phenoxyethanol? As someone who already has PCOS, I'd say I've already had my fare share and then some, I'd rather not take any more chances on tainted skin care products.Here are a few of bits of info I found:[...]1.  Parabens. Yup -  those same ones I've been assiduously avoiding in my kids' lotion because of concerns about potential endocrine disruption?  I've been letting them eat the stuff. My kid's medicine has butylparaben in it, which evidently affects the fertility of male rat offspring. I know... I know.  Parabens are ""Generally Recognized as Safe"" by the FDA.  According to the Chemical Encyclopedia on Healthychild.org however, parabens when ingested are ""slightly toxic."" All I know is that I don't want them in my medicine![...]June 21st, 2007What Are Parabens And Why Should You Avoid Them.So, what are parabens, you ask? You may have heard rumors about how you should avoid parabens in the products you buy, but you might be wondering why you should do so. After doing some research a couple of years ago, I decided to no longer purchase any products that have parabens in them. Parabens can be found in shampoos, commercial moisturizers, shaving gels, cleansing gels, personal lubricants, topical pharmaceuticals and toothpaste, while they are also used as food additives. A large percentage of the products we buy for everyday use contain some form of paraben, so it can be difficult to find products that do not use them. But what are parabens and what can they do to us?What Are Parabens?Parabens are chemicals used as preservatives, and that's why they are found in so many products. They are used to fight bacteria and fungus, are widely available, and cost very little to manufacture and use. Nearly all of the parabens used as preservatives are man-made and not naturally occurring.Why Are Parabens Bad?Now, before we get too far ahead of ourselves, I know that there have been studies on both sides of the argument about what parabens are and whetherparabens are bad or parabens are safe. But because there have been studies that say that it is potentially dangerous and that have linked parabens to cancer, I have chosen to take the precautionary route and not use products containing them when I can help it. Whether or not they are as bad as some say they are, I would always rather err on the side of safety when it comes to my body and health.Parabens can mimic the hormone estrogen, which is known to play a role in the development of breast cancers. Researchers have found parabens in breast tumors and believe there is a relationship between parabens and tumors. And in the July 2002 issue of the Archives of Toxicology, Dr. S. Oishi of the Department of Toxicology, Tokyo Metropolitan Research Laboratory of Public Health reported that  exposure of newborn male mammals to butylparaben ""adversely affects the secretion of testosterone and the function of the male reproductive system."" If a causal link between a chemical and cancer is not enough to avoid a product that can easily be avoided, I don't know what is. There are a lot of other reports available all over the internet, but most of them are all related to reproductive health in some way or another.The jury is still out on how and why parabens might affect development and growth of both babies and adults. But I decided a while ago to get rid of any products that have it and replace them with products that don't. There is no harm being more careful with this kind of stuff - remember, things that were deemed safe in the past then came back to haunt us all when we were told that they actually caused all sorts of diseases. And when there are safe alternatives available, I would rather not take the chance that I or future generations develop strange reproductive problems from using a product that was avoidable in the first place.So back to the initial question - what are parabens? They are chemicals we need to work hard to avoid, period. Be sure to shop for paraben-free products and foods whenever possible, and always read the labels on the things you buy.[...]Phenoxyethanol raises a low level of health concern and is of regulatory concern because:This ingredient is suspected of causing developmental toxicity, according to sources compiled by Scorecard [...]This ingredient is suspected of causing reproductive toxicity, according to sources compiled by Scorecard [...][...]Natural Skin Care : The dangers of PhenoxyethanolPhenoxyethanol, glycol ether often derived from natural sources, is a popular antibacterial and preservative chemical, used by many so called natural and organic skin care brands. It  is also used in many vaccines and bug repellants.A few beauty brands marketed as the greenest in the industry use phenoxyethanol as a preservative, suggesting that it is derived from grapefruit. Well, cocamide DEA is derived from coconut but this doesn't make it any less toxic!Chemically known as ethylene glycol phenyl ether or ethylene glycol monophenyl ether, phenoxyethanol is an ethoxylated compound that may be contaminated with carcinogenic toxin 1,4-Dioxane.According to Journal of Industrial Hygiene and Toxicology, phenoxyethanol affected brain and nervous system in animals at moderate doses. In 1990 Journal of the American College of Toxicology reported that phenoxyethanol also acts as an endocrine disruptor that also caused damage to bladder and acute pulmonary edema in animals. Early 1980s studies also suggest that phenoxyethanol can cause DNA mutations - again, only in animals, as it was not tested on humans.Phenoxyethanol is a scientifically proven irritant to human skin and eyes (Comparison of objective and sensory skin irritations of several cosmetic preservatives. Lee E, An S, Choi D, Moon S, Chang I. Contact Dermatitis. 2007 Mar;56(3):131-6.) and it is classified as irritant in European Union. Phenoxyethanol is also restricted for use in Japan.No matter what the studies say, phenoxyethanol is deemed perfectly safe for use in cosmetics in the U.S. and UK in concentrations of up to 1 percent. This means, a 200 ml bottle of shampoo contains a teaspoon of phenoxyethanol!The most surprising it that the Soil Association, the organic certification body in the UK permits the use of phenoxyethanol in products that it certifies organic. Please read the organic ingredients on products.All Organic Apoteke products are free of phenoxyethanol and phenoxyethanol residues.[...]Let's talk about one of the most ubiquitous ingredients in the shampoos you (and millions of other people) are buying, cocamide DEA.Cocamide DEA is cocamide diethanolamine. It is used to thicken the shampoo, a body wash, or a facial cleanser and give it a nice goopy consistency. That's it. It serves no other purpose than creating a nice look to the product. It doesn't help the health of your skin, it doesn't assist in cleansing, it's all about marketing gimmicks when it comes to cocamide DEA.Product manufacturers believe that the thicker is the product, the more appealing it seems to the customers. Maybe they think the product is more ""rich"" or ""nutritious"" or ""natural"". But there's nothing natural about cocamide DEA.Most of the time, smart marketers will state that cocamide DEA will be sourced from coconuts. That's true: coconut oil is mixed with diethanolamine to make cocamide DEA. It's then used as a emulsifier and a surfactant.Diethanolamine may hide under such names as Lauramide diethanolamine, Coco Diethanolamide, coconut oil amide of diethanolamine, Lauramide DEA, Lauric diethanolamide, Lauroyl diethanolamide, and Lauryl diethanolamide.Chemophiles also insist, and here I am quoting LUSH Cosmetics who are very protective about their parabens, synthetic dyes, and artificial fragrances in their ""homemade"" skincare, that ""cocamide DEA has been safely used for more than fifty years.""And how about skyrocketing rates of allergies and cancer in the last fifty years? I am sure that cocamide DEA, as well as its relatives triethanolamine and diethanolamine, parabens, and phthalates, is partially to blame. These ingredients do not make us healthy, but they make the manufacturers richer. And speaking of health...DEA and its variants are suspected of increasing the risk of cancer. DEA can combine with amines present in cosmetic formulations to form nitrosamines (N-nitrosodiethanolamine), which are known to be highly carcinogenic.Studies also show that DEAs (including cocamide DEA) directly inhibits fetal brain development in laboratory studies by blocking the absorption of choline, a nutrient required for brain development and maintenance.University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill researchers have discovered that when DEA was applied to the skin of pregnant mice at concentrations similar to those found in shampoos, the fetuses showed inhibited cell growth and increased cell death in an area of the brain responsible for memory - the hippocampus.""I don't believe any woman who's been using these products needs to have a sleepless night about having caused harm to her child,"" said Dr. Steven Zeisel, Kenan Distinguished University Professor of nutrition in UNC's schools of public health and medicine and associate dean for research in the School of Public Health.""At this point it is a caution,"" he added. ""But it would probably be prudent to look at labels and try to limit exposure until we know more.""DEA is also associated with miscarriages in laboratory studies. ""We saw smaller and smaller litters as we gave higher doses. No one has ever noted that before,"" Zeisel said.""This agent not only affects brain development, but at higher doses probably affects some other development in a way that is fatal to the fetus,"" he said.So that's what diethanolamine does to animals. But what about humans? An average bottle of shampoo contains up to 10 ml diethanolamine. When we use this shampoo, we massage the diethanolamine into our scalp, pouring in hot water to increase absorption. After 30 shampoos, we are exposed to 10 ml (0.3 oz) of pure, undiluted diethanolamine - more that poor lab mice were!So stop thinking like a mouse. Just because it appears on a bottle with the word ""organic"" on it, it's not organic. What's worse, it's carcinogenic and it damages your brain. Be proactive and shield yourself and your loved ones from harmful chemicals like cocamide DEA - they aren't doing you any good!"
"I have an otherwise healthy scalp and growing hair, but I do notice a bit much coming out in my brush and comb. This junk does nothing in the ""fight"" against the ""fall"" of hair. I religiously sprayed on my scalp. It kind of tingled/burned a little and I actually thought it was working. Over the weeks, my hair has continued to shed. I was impressed when I heard the commercials and the ingredients. I also tried Garnier's serum which just made my hair feel gooey and the hair spray which made my hair feel sticky. I would like Garnier to go back to the drawing board and make some better stuff that it says it will do!"
I stopped using it because it hurts when I putted on my nails.
"If you're looking for a hair straightener, buy a hair straightener. If you're looking for a curling iron, buy a curling iron. If you're looking for a product that does both? This isn't it. I tried curling my hair w/ it like the directions show you - I got a tiny wave at the bottom of my small section of hair. I even had my sister use it on my hair herself thinking maybe I'm doing something wrong and it's easier for someone else to use it on you, nope. Still got the same tiny little wave at the bottom, same result w/ my sisters hair who has a completely different hair type then me. Just doesn't work........ :("
"I admit that this product is good but it's certainly not the best product out there for what it does.  I purchased a bottle of Moroccanoil about a month ago after much debate because the concept of adding oil to keep my hair soft and frizz free is not new to me. I am currently using Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream and love the product but I finally broke down and decided to give Moroccanoil a try because of all the great reviews here and on the internet.When I received the Moroccanoil I decided to put the product to the test to see what it can do, so after washing and towel drying my hair I divided my hair into two pig tails and used the Moroccanoil on one side and Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream on the other side. I then allowed my hair to air dry (as I usually do) and compared the results.The result was there was not a noticeable difference between the two sides, basically both sides of my hair were soft and frizz free.My second test was to use the Moroccanoil by itself, with no Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream at all.  I washed and towel dried my hair, applied only the Moroccanoil and then allowed my hair to air dry. The result was some of my hair was frizzy, other parts were oily looking and yet other parts were soft and frizz free.  I decided to repeat this test again later in the week under the assumption that I perhaps I used too much oil or didn't spread it out enough but the ended up with the same results.The last test I tried was to use the Moroccanoil with Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream together which resulted in my hair being frizz free, and not oily.The problem I have with Moroccanoil is most of the time it seems to work well only when combined with Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream and when I am able to finally get this product to work by itself the results are similar to Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream.Other disadvantages I have found with Moroccanoil is the glass jar and the control factor when you pour out the oil.  Because it's liquid oil (unlike oil in a cream base) I found that it's easy to pour the product out too quickly.  Also the Moroccanoil is not something I have found for sale other than on the internet.My conclusion is for MY hair the Moroccanoil doesn't spread well by itself and when it does it requires the aid of another product.  The results are similar to a product I currently already use (Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream), is not a better price, is harder to use and is not readily available for purchase.I'll be sticking to my Fredrick Fekkai Glossing Cream."
"This styling wand is difficult to use, and no matter how hard I tried or how hot I made it, I could not get my hair to curl properly.  Because it doesn't have a clip to hold hair in place, you have to wind your hair around it and then hold it in place, using the supplied glove,  while the curls take.  One problem for me is that I use different hands to style my hair on different sides of my head.  It was a pain to remove the glove and put it on the other hand every time I switched sides/angles.  Plus, the glove makes it difficult to separate the hair into sections.  I imagine it *might* work if you were using it on someone else's hair, not your own.  I just couldn't position the wand, wrap it, and hold everything in place, especially in the back.I was excited to try this but ended up disappointed every time I tried to use it.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann"
"I was prescribed a generic version of Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleaners for all skin types, with the exact same ingredients as Cetaphil.It is white and thick, like a lotion. It does not lather whatsoever, so if you need your SLS to foam up, you probably won't like this product.It is very gentle and keeps my skin clean. I use it morning and night, and during the day after exercise and work. I typically use it three times a day.I also follow up morning and night with acne medication my doctor prescribed, which he warned may dry out my skin and to follow up with an oil free moisturizer. I have yet to use any moisturizer because my skin hasn't been dry. I believe it is due to the Cetaphil face wash. Because of this, I will continue to use this product.**Update**I lowered it from 4 starts to 2 stars. I stopped using this after almost finishing my first bottle. I think this product cleans the face but also leaves a film on the skin, like if you were to wash your cade with conditioner. I think this attributes to a slight worsening of my acen and blackheads, and is really annoying. Because of this I no longer use this product."
"I used this mirror once. The defogging design absolutely works but the mirror only stayed on my tile shower wall for a day, in spite of the fact that I used not only the adhesive pads but also the silicone adhesive included with the product. So the ""Designed not to fall"" design was grossly inadequate on my very standard tile shower wall.Additionally, I was disappointed with the so called ""shelf"" with this mirror. I use  aMerkur Long Handled Double Edge Safety Razor Chrome #180, 10 Double Edge Platinum Bladesfor shaving and would not trust this shelf to hold my, or any high quality razor, safely. Don't think this ""shelf"" will eliminate the need for a good shower caddy or something similar. If you're using it for an inexpensive disposable razor it's fine but if you use quality shaving equipment, don't even consider the shelf as being useful for anything other than the included squeegee.I'm returning for a refund and will try the ""original""Fogless Shower Mirror with Squeegee by ToiletTree Products. Guaranteed Not to Fog, Designed Not to Fall.smaller version with the hope that it will stay up as designed."
"I don't particularly have trouble with my eyelashes, but I figured more is better, right? But this product isn't going to cause more lashes to grow.I assume Envyderm and other products like it are working on the buzz surrounding Latisse, the prescription medicine which triggers hair growth, and when applied to the eyelash area increases lash production.Envyderm is just a conditioner, though. If your eyelashes/eyebrows are brittle and breaking, then this might be exactly what you need. It's definitely easy to apply and non-irritating. It isn't going to force more lash growth, though, just help you keep what you're naturally producing,"
"I  received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes and I can't say I'm all that impressed. As soon as it dries, it covers your face with sticky little bits that make your face look flaky, as if you got a sunburn. Not to mention if you get it on your eyebrows, it'll turn into a hard mess.  I can't recommend this under makeup or powder since it will just make your face look clumpy. Being 25 years old, this isn't something I recommend for the younger age group unless you have really poor skin."
"I used this in high school and I was a big fan of how soft it made my hair, even with only one use a week. I also enjoyed the smell, a little fruity with a hint of coconut. I eventually ditched aussie for garnier( i use alot of their products) and more expensive salon brands. I picked this up at walmart a few weeks ago because I had just enough extra to treat my dry hair to some deep conditioning. Let me just say that I am not impressed. Maybe they changed the ingredients, maybe it's just me, but this works just about as well as a normal conditioner and leaves my hair smelling funky. The consistency is nice and creamy and detangled my curls well, but other than that I had no added moisture and my hair was no softer than it is when I just use Dove conditioner. And the smell..I just cant get past that, I dont know about you but I like my hair to smell nice and unless you plan on adding 2 or 3 nice smelling products to your hair you will notice an odd smell after your hair finishes drying. How do I know? Well for the first time EVER, my bf hugged me and said ""your hair smells weird"", and you know what, he was right and I had just washed/conditioned/dryed my hair! Im only glad that it's only 4 bucks down the drain."
This stuff makes my hair shine. That's all. Period. End of story. It doesn't detangle a whole lot. It doesn't add moisture. It smells different. I'm not sure if I like or hate the smell but it does have a noticeable smell that lingers. It basically gunks up my hair and there is no way around that. Use a lot. Use a little. It leaves gunk behind that requires a clarifying rinse to de-gunk. I am just trying to use this stuff up because I see no other benefit to it besides the shine and mild detangling factor.
I have used these on myself and my bfs mom. In both cases I soaked them off and did something else. I used with gel nails and I don't like the way they look. The color wipes off if you dab with clear coat or wipe. The effect is sloppy no matter how thick or then the clear coat. I would not recommend to anyone who likes perfection.
"The perfume is fading away VERY quickly. In fact, it is so lightly scented that even immediately after applying it I can barely smell it.I am not very fond of the fragrance either. It smells like washing up soap, not the usual fresh and invigorating smell of Arden's perfumes."
I fell for it. I tried it. I went to a facial and the professional even suggested it. but I used it regularly and saw no reaction at all.
"I applied Olay Total Effects one time.  I thought the scent was strong, but hoped that it would dissipate in a few minutes.  Wrong.  I had to wash my face and hands - twice - to get rid of the stink.  And I do mean stink - overwhelming fake floral yukkiness.  Like perfume that costs $1.99 for 16 oz. at Walmart.If artificial fragrances bother you, give this one a pass."
"I wanted to give this a month or so before I commented on what I thought, I got it around the 1st week of Nov and I have been using it once a week, I dont really see a difference at all in my face? I did have a zit on my lower cheek and I spot treated there, I dont know hopefully it looks okay but it didnt today...also around that area it looks like I fell and scabbed my face, I noticed that happened in another area last time, and the 1st time this patch by my eye got dry and started peeling then I got another patch by my nose, I dont know I dont really see an improvement yet?"
"I was thrilled to get this. I thought it would be the perfect little brush for my face. Well let me tell you, its terrible!!! Hard rubber bristles that do not glide freely over the face. This thing vibrates soo hard & is very rough on the skin. It doesn't help to foam up your cleanser in the least. All it does is hurt the skin and it made my face bright red. There is no way that this brush can be beneficial to anybody's skin! I do not have a clue how Olay could even put this thing on the market."
this soap is so old there is no smell at all.  i have bought this brand of plantlife for years  and never been disappointed. will never buy from this company again
"I used the shampoo, conditioner, and a little of the spray and ended up with dryer hair than before and the color of my hair has dulled.  (I just had highlight/color done this past Tuesday, so it was noticeable.)  I can't recommend this line.  I do like their original products, but this line with the keratin---that's a no."
"I still have YET to get this. I ordered it on February 4th and it was supposed to arrive March 3rd-March 19th. It has only been a couple days after that, but that is still a LONG wait. When I was first looking at this it had good reviews and now it has bad. I am just extremely frustrated. For some reason 1 item out of my orders ALWAYS never makes it to me. I have the correct address, it says shipped, but where is the product?! This isn't the first time and I am getting highly annoyed with it."
"Did nothing but this with the lotion and cleanser made my skin and my husband's dry, irritated, and red. So regret buying these!"
"I decided to give this product a try because I have dry and itchy scalp at times. I really like the smell of this scalp and hair oil. It has a tropical scent to it that is similar to some tanning oil.The first thing that I done was look for directions on the bottle and there are no directions. I wasn't sure if I should wash my hair and then apply a small amount to my hair and scalp. Or maybe I should apply it to my hair and then wash it out so I ended up trying both ways. First I washed my hair and then applied a pea sized amount of the oil. I quickly realized that there was no way that I could leave this in my hair because it made my hair feel extremely greasy. So I washed my hair a couple times to get the oil out of my hair. A couple days later I decided to try applying a small amount and letting it sit for a few minutes. Then I tried to wash my hair and the greasy feeling was still there. I had to wash it three times in order to get most of the greasy feeling out of my hair. I have tried it several more times since then with similar results.It certainly adds moisture to my hair and scalp but it I don't like the oily, greasy feeling at all. It even makes my forehead all oily and it's hard to wash off. I might occasionally use the oil but I definitely won't be using this on a regular basis."
"I have fine lines around my eyes, and have since I was about 12 years old. Nothing I have tried as gotten rid of them-but my mom purchased this product and raved about it. I was curious about it because it does have retinol in it-a know anti acne and anti-wrinkle fighter. My lines did not get any better and my eyes water profusely when using this product any where near my eye area, and my eyes burned and turned red. Additionally I broke out slightly on my forehead after using product.The only known wrinkle fighter in this formula as far as I can tell is the retinol-but I cannot figure out the concentration in the serum. The only positive thing I can say about this product is it was a very nice serum that absorbed quickly in the skin and the new roller ball delivery system seemed to stimulate circulation in my face slightly.The reviews seemed to be pretty mixed about this stuff, but I was able to purchase this at the super store for about $16-not a terrible loss.Skin type: 20-something, acne prone, semi-sensitive, slightly pigmented, few lines"
"I really wanted to like this product since I'd heard and read so many good things about it online. I took the plunge and purchased the product, hoping that this would be the last sunscreen I'd try.For background, I am a darker skinned African American with allergies, really reactive, sensitive skin and adult acne. Therefore, I can't deal with really heavy sunscreens, creams, harsh cleansers or things like that.While the sunscreen did protect my skin from feeling like it was slowly burning, I looked grey. The sunscreen doesn't fully rub in, leaving a white film that makes my skin look ashen. It was so not cute. I rubbed it in unsuccessfully but because it gets humid where I live, the sweat forming on my skin made the look of the film a bit better. However, this product costs too much for me to not be completely in love with it.I will not give up on LR-P, though. Their thermal water is a staple of mine. Whenever I need to wake up a little or want fresh clean skin during the day, I reach for it."
"I bought this item elsewhere. I am NOT Amazon verified.... all my other reviews aread  on purchases I def made here on Amazon. I love Amazon.I truly despise this item. It no way is &#34;great&#34; or wonderful and the directions are idiotic. I have a high level of intelligence. I tried this  item and then came back here, fully expecting to hear similar stories... but no-- apparently I am the idiot who doesn't follow directions, otherwise I would be delighted and buying this for half my family and friends.My issues:It's a Conair: made in China. Cheap parts, cheap labor = cheap product. Conair has ALWAYS sucked.  It is way too hot and the motor sounds like it had a problem the first time I attempted to use it. The heat is way too hot. For the person who said 'go ahead and leave your hair in the chamber longer is a MORON. You'll burn your hair off. The missing automatic release feature is just proof that it's cheap. All the beeping in the world won't prevent you from burning your hair.The item is super picky about how you hold it, how you put the hair in and how the hair is presented.  Not only do you have to comb, de-tangle and smooth out every tress -- but you will have to probably do it at least twice more for every other curl made. People on here say that you are a moron if you don't follow those directions... well I followed them and my hair still got stuck despite being detangled, smooth, etc etc.The 1/2 -1&#34; guideline of how much hair you have to put in the 'chamber' is serious. You can't put more in. Say each section takes the average time of 10 seconds to heat and you have 30 seconds per side, 30 sections on the back = 90 sections. (remember this is 1/2 - 1&#34; sections-- so this is actually the best case scenario) Apply some simple math and you've got 30min. Which doesn't seem like a lot, but remember, you have to spend an appropriate amount of time combing, detangling (or risk being the moron who can't follow directions) section your hair off into at least three large sections, THEN you need to pull each section out, comb, de-tangle, suck it in and THEN wait the 10 seconds, then take it out, move it over, comb, de-tangle, suck it in, and THEN wait the 10 seconds. So in my case, apparently I am the &#34;idiot&#34; here who doesn't like this item, it took me over 50 minutes to do a half-assed job that I ended up putting in a messy bun. At least half the time, it didn't &#34;like&#34; the way I put my hair in.I don't know about anyone else -- but if you are over 30 like me, you don't a) don't care that much about ONE hair style -- and b) your arms are going to get tired.If it was possible to give a negative star rating I would."
"i ordered the flat top kabuki brush before and i love it so i decided i want this one too , so i ordered it but i got the same one i ordered before F80 :( , and no one ever replied"
"This product does make my hair feel less dry and there were no flakes, however, it made my hair greasy and heavy (no fluff it just laid there), I did not use that much, but it just made everything feel greasy and gave my hair a wet (out of the shower look all day).  I stopped using it since it makes my hair greasy feeling and whenever I would touch my hair it made my hands feel wet and was very difficult to get off of my hands.In the end this did make my hair less dry, but gave it a a greasy feeling that I cannot stand, so I had to stop using it, my hair looks terrible when greasy and feels heavy and wet.  I was not happy with this and it was difficult to get out during the next shower (plus if you touch your hair and get it on your hands you have to scrub like crazy to get it off."
"This is an ok lotion for a guy. Its not the best I've ever owned but it does the job. The fragrance free is just that, other than the normal smell of a plain lotion. It absorbs pretty well, but stayed a bit &#34;sticky&#34; for me."
"I ordered this product for my teenage daughter who was worried about drying out her hair since she blow dries it every night and uses heat styling products almost every day. Her hair is slightly wavy, fine, but very thick.She thought the product was a little greasy and found that her hair was more difficult to style after using the product.To be fair, she doesn't use any other Tresemme products on her hair, so perhaps it would work better if used with the ""matching"" shampoo and conditioner. In any case, it didn't work for my daughter."
"This stuff sucks, to be completely honest. The brush is a weird spiky thing and when you pull out the wand, it's clumped with so much mascara that I cringed at the thought of even putting it near my eye without first wiping at least half of it off...but I thought I'd give it a try anyways. It's VERY black, which is nice, but it flakes like you wouldn't believe and is horribly clumpy and hard to brush out (I don't usually have ot brush out my mascaras, but this called for it!). It really irritated my eyes as well. Maybelline has a few good mascaras, but this is NOT one of them! I'd recomend the one in the coral tube (One by one, I believe it's called)."
"Wished this product worked better. Love the no mess, BUT it's ONLY no mess if held upright -- which means often angling my foot versus my PedEgg. Also, the PedEgg can ONLY be used forward and back, NOT side to side or in a circular motion. My biggest complaint, however, is that the PedEgg isn't as gentle as advertised. It works fine if my feet are merely dry, BUT if they're dry and CRACKED, I've learned to avoid using my PedEgg after catching those cracks with the blades. OUCH!!!"
It's been about 2 months and wanted to update my review.  I've pretty much used the bottle and can't tell any difference in my complexion.I don't recommend.
"The product is made to look as if it should have some sort of silicone grip so that it can be comfortable on the nose but this is a lie. The clear plastic you see with the three round circles is a hard plastic and is painful plus it slips off and the plastic is so cheap and not soft so note that It can crack extremely easily. I rather invest in Nasofix, which I think this product is a rip off of."
"The clumps were so bad, I had to start over multiple times, and then I just gave up and threw them out."
"This product states that it can be used as a natural replacement for acne creams to prevent acne breakouts, this is not at all true. As a matter of fact, during my use of this product my acne turned into teenaged acne, meaning = it spread, they enlarged, they were engorged. I have immediately stopped using this product."
"This is not a product that works with my skin. It's very heavy and greasy, and I am not fond of the scent. This might work for a different skin type but not for me."
"The images on this plate are neat designs and the size is perfect.  It arrived packaged well and the blue plastic removes from the plate easily.  But...the images are not etched deep enough.  I cannot get them to work!  I've tried using different polishes (Konad and regular), I've tried using different stampers and scrapers.  I've tried scraping at different angles and scraping from different directions across the image.  I tried each image multiple times, and have only been able to get 3 of the images to transfer to the stamper.  I like the images and really want these to work, so I will keep trying and hope I can find a way to make them work!"
Not the best brushes I've ever used but they do have a few brushes that fit the needs I have when I'm doing certain designs
"Not sure what happened here -- I read all the reviews and it seemed like the thing to buy.  I thought about returning it, but the lotion seems to have moisturizing properties, so I just kept it.  My L'Oreal bronzing lotion is WAAAY better for imparting a tanned look.While I won't buy it again, I'm thinking that I might have gotten a bad bottle from a bad lot.  Others seem to have loved it."
"Did not like this product. The quality of the concealers is pretty poor... heavy and somewhat greasy. Did not like the coverage, and didn't feel the coverage was adequate."
"I tried to use this the first day it came in and when I bent it, the thing broke in half...I didn't even get to use it once"
"I bought this with their liquid mineral faoundation (shell), and again, I have no idea whay the hype is about. Feels like a silicone layer on top of my face."
"These stuck to my eyes, were very hard to apply, and if you want to put makeup over them, forget about it! The tool is useless, and I wouldn't reccomend this product to anyone. I wasted 5 bucks!"
"- It peel off nothing. I don't have blackhead but just a little dead skin around my chin. And dead skin is even easier to peel off than blackhead, but this thing can't even take it out. Disappointed."
I just baught it to try and I believe I made a mistacke.I don't like sweet smelling colognes..I made a mistacke.
I have found anything made form the Alloy material doesn't stick well on nail it slides and take for ever to hold on to I will no longer be purchasing Alloy made materials for nails
Add me to the growing list of people that got this product without knowing that it's truly intended for ethnic hair.  Not only does the product not state this but it pretty much states nothing.  There are no directions whatsoever.  I had to do some online research to try and find out how to use this stuff and even with doing so I found differing recommendations out there.This product leaves your hair feeling very greasy and icky.  Even when using the tiniest bit imaginable.  It's a bear to get out of your hair and it leaves your head feeling and looking greasy and dirty.Maybe it works well for ethnic hair but I would never recommend this product be used on caucasian hair.
"I've owned dozens of flat irons in every price range.  I have very thick, curly hair.  I've always been careful with the temps, making sure to use protective products, etc. and have never had a problem.  After I used this product once on a low temp, my hair became extremely flat with a weird texture, almost like there was wax on it.  I tried washing, clarifying, treatments and none of it helped.  I finally went to my hair stylist and she said it felt like my hair had been damaged or that candle wax had been infused into it.  She's been cutting my hair for 17 years, so she knows my hair.  She was shocked that everywhere I used this flat iron, my curls apoeared to be permanently removed.  I also have a ton of static even though it's mid-summer and I'm in the super humid south.I don't know what is being infused into your hair when using this thing, but it's not good.  The only thing that has recovered my hair st all is 100% air drying, no products, soaking it in aloe, organic coconut oil and egg yolk treatments.Also, the little grippers slip off when using and the outside of the barrel that's supposed to give nice, bouncy curls barely gets warm, I could touch it with my hand.I would not recommend this product."
"Bought this thing and used it maybe 3 or 4 times and it fell apart. Don't waste your money! Broken within several days of use, very poor quality!"
"Not particularly into curly hair but figure what the heck let's give this a whirl (or a curl lol).  As someone else commented, unit seems to be cheaply made and it's not a pleasant experience to hear your hair dragging through the rod.  Also concur as to the poor placement of the heat dial.As for me, the curls did not exactly happen either, and if anything my hair looked like I'd been through an ordeal (or wind tunnel).  However, my mop is rather resistant to curling and could have upped the heat for perhaps better results.  Never have used a cutling iron before - shocking but true -so that comes into play also.Have used another hair heat appliance manufactured by Helen of Troy for Revlon, and that too was cheaply made AND overpriced.Verdict:  pass on this.  Poorly designed, cheaply made and over priced."
"I carefully _read_* the instructions and prepped the Pedi Spin Callus Remover.  I soaked my feet 20 minutes before I used this &#34;tool&#34;. The motor is weak. The blades removed nothing - not the rougher blade and certainly not the smoother blade.Do not buy this. If you have money to throw away, just toss it out the window....at least whoever finds it will be happy.*I emphasized this as there was noise that the product didn't work because people did not read the instructions. I did and I followed them. Definitely avoid this product."
"I have been using this with the Miracle Leave-In LITE and am NOT happy with the results.  I had a Brazilian Blowout, and this product practically reversed it and has made my hair course and dry.  Would NOT recommend."
I think this is the most deceptive title for a perfume period. It really smells like baby powder. I got this from the perfumania sale after having it on my amazon wish list for ages. just to realize this thing really is no better smelling than baby powder. Fell for the hype. I paid a lot of money to discover this. My kids play with this and I don't even mind it any more.
"My son broke a bottle of this, and I replaced it with this one.  It smells similar, but not exactly the same.  It also doesn't last at all.  I'm a little disappointed, and for the price, probably should have known better."
"A well respected newscaster who does makeup reviews on YouTube highly recommended this so I bought it.  It is very black, a wetter formula, but it clumps on the 2nd coat and it made the tip of my lashes curl downward, very strange.  So since I have this & don't want to waste, I use my fav Elizabeth Arden Double Density Maximum Volume Mascara for the first coat to coat every lash, then I carefully use Mally's onto the lash base & up onto the lashes, trying not to apply on the lash ends cuz somehow it causes reverse lash curl downward.So, if you have super curled upward lashes, it might work for you...but I would not buy this again."
"DONT BUY--THIS GLUE REALLY DOESNT HOLD UP AT ALL. I FOUND IT TO BE TOO RUNNY AND DOESNT STAY WHAT SO EVER! I ENDED UP BUYING THE DUP SURGICAL EYELASH ADHESIVE, WHICH I AM HAPPY WITH."
"This is not my new favorite shampoo. The smell is reminiscent of laundry detergent. It does a decent job of lathering and the smell does not linger after rinsing out, but I'd rather use something a little more pleasant."
I must say that I do not like this eyeliner. It dryed pretty quickly on me even though it was always kept closed at room temperature. I have a new liquid eyeliner in black that I use now that's cheaper and works even better! Plus it has glitter in it so it makes my eyes sparkle and pop! Especially at night!
"I had to edit this because I wasn't specific enough about how this happened.  Didn't think I needed to tell my whole life story to not be spoken to like I'm mentally challenged.I work for a tanning salon here in NWI.  I get packets of new lotion to try all the time, and this one looked like something I'd like.  I use the hottest of tinglers all the time, and they don't ever irriatate me.  Not like this one does!!!  I used a packet of this lotion one time, and I wish I had never used it.  It's supposed to be a tingler with a COOLING AGENT in it.  I'll tell you what, I use tingler on my face all the time, and not wiping my hands off before touching my face was the worst decision of my life.  My lip/chin burned soo bad, as well as the rest of my body for several hours.  There is absolutely nothing you can do to get it off, and because of the cooling agent if you try to rinse it off with water, it hurts about 1000000X worse!  OMG, do not ever use this near your face. You're not supposed to use any tingler near your face, but seriously don't get this one near it.  I can recommend some really good tinglers to anyone with great skin benefits in them.  I'm certified, and I go to lotion training classes twice a year to learn about new lotion and products.  They tell us not to put it on our face, but I usually do anyways, I chose not to put it on my face because I knew the cooling agent would feel like menthol..  I ended up rubbing the sweat off my face.  Since it was all over my hands, it got on my face!  I had to keep an ice pack over my face for about 4 hours after using RUBY.  I love Designer Skin products,  but this is the worst tingle I've used in awhile.If you're looking for a good hot tingler, the hottest I've ever been able to find is Designer Skin's Modern Bombshell... and Swedish Beauty BoTANica's: HOT GREEN TEASE!"
"Having experimented with these Simple Radiance Wipes, here is my experience. Hopefully, it will help you (the potential consumer) in your decision-making process:The Positives:-These are inexpensive. They are much cheaper thanPhilosophy - Purity Made Simple One-Step Facial Cleansing Cloths(which I have used since they came out and really like).-The package has a small aperture from which to pull these cloths. My experience is that the smaller the aperture, the less likely the package is to be exposed to air and, hence, dry out. This could potentially save you from tossing completely dried out clothes.-The textured cloths have a nice exfoliating property. I actually scrubbed it over my lips to make them super smooth. (This may not be a spectacular idea though ... these are not organic).The Potential Negatives:-The first two I plucked from the package were dry. I have had this happen before withSupergoop!sunscreen wipes andOlay Regenerist Micro-Exfoliating Wet Cleansing Cloths. In both cases, I just flipped the container over and allowed some of the liquid to travel into the first clothes. I tried that here, but clothes were still relatively dry. Then, I tried ""massaging"" the package to (perhaps) disperse some of the liquid, but again, the clothes remained dry. I concluded that there is a lack of liquid product in the package. Why does this matter? It felt a little like I was grinding a day's worth of make-up into my pores. Now, I did not wash after (even though I was inclined to do so), because I wanted to report on any potential irritation. Lucky for the consumer, there was no irritation (for me).-My skin felt tacky after using these. I know that alcohol is horrendous for one's skin, but I guess I would rather a little alcohol and a super clean feel to this slick feel.Bottomline:-Yes, these are really inexpensive. But, one really only uses these after a super long day when one simply wants to crawl into bed (and not lather, rinse, dry, moisturizer, etc.). Therefore, if one is going to use these fairly rarely, why not get the Philosophy ones above (which are amazing!) or evenOle Henriksen Truth To Go Cleansing Wipeswhich are truly worth the price."
"maybe my toes are more stretched out than i thought, i don't feel much of anything when i wear them.  I'm just glad I didn't pay for the expensive ones!"
"I wanted to love Auric Blends, based on everything I had read and accidently stumbling onto their perfume oils here I decided to order three different scents, based on their website descriptions. This scent, Black Opium is decent, I suppose but only by comparison with the others that were horrible failures Majik, and Egyptian Goddess. This is the only scent that actually smells okay and stays on you for a few hours. I had hopes of ordering 5-6 others but based on these three, I will not be buying anymore Auric Blends."
"This seemed to be a little too dark for my skin tone, and it was also kind of a thick liquid - so difficult to blend in.  I haven't used it consistently as a result, so I can't say if it works for anti-aging.  The brush is pretty huge - for the under-eyes, and the amount that comes out is way too much to be able to blend in easily.  I think it would just be easier to take the product out of a tube or something."
"If you are  of a certain age and you have some wrinkles, stay far, far away from this product.  If you don't have extremely oily eyelids, stay far, far away from this product.This eye shadow base will  cause havoc to you eyelids if they are the least little dry or sensitive.This goes on with a wand which is awkward to use and then you need to smooth it out with your finger tip.  Then you need to wait with your eyes closed for it to dry. If you do not wait, you will end up with a creased mess. Then on top goes your eyeshadow.The color is hideous for me, (I have an Italian complexion) it is such a pale color that it actually makes my eyeshadow look paler so I have to use darker colors.  After a few hours my shadow starts flaking off.  What IS left has bunched up into my creases.A better bet for those over say 30 or 40, or those with dry skin; and a lot better bargain isNYX Cosmetics Eye Shadow Base, Skin Tone, 0.25 Ounce"
"Moroccan oil is insanely popular now and, in my opinion, extremely overhyped. This ""Moroccan Argan Styling Oil"" is not a ""Styling Oil"" at all really. When you think ""styling oil"", you think you are getting an oil based product.  This is really a silicone based product and does not have much Moroccan/Argan oil in it. The first ingredient is Cyclopentasiloxane which is a silicone. Actually, there are 4 `cone' ingredients in this so-called oil. Argan oil does not come until closer to the end. It comes AFTER fragrance on the ingredient list so you know there can't be much in the whole bottle, let alone in a single application. In fact, there are a total of 3 oils in this product and they all come at the end AFTER fragrance. I feel the name is misleading as is the case with many, many so-called Moroccan or Argan oil products. I hate deceptive labeling and this product is guilty of that.In any case, while it's obvious they're riding on the Moroccan oil bandwagon, I still like this product, but it's because of the `cones in the product. I like silicone based products. I love how they feel in my hair."
"I bought this along with a NYX eyeshadow primer, since both items had good reviews, but I was not happy with either product.  This comes in a gel form (as most face primers do) and it feels a little greasy at first but goes on smoothly.  Unfortunately, once I started applying make up, it balls up and I ended up with little ""pills"" of foundation and primer all over, not a good sight!  I waited plenty of time for it to dry up and it still happened.  I used it for a week along with the eyeshadow primer, and both products performed miserably.  It made for a bad makeup week, and not many vacation pictures, I can tell you that.  Save your money for something else."
"The hold was fine, and it smells great, and so those are two pretty important things. So why just two stars?Well a lot of products smell great and perform well. My problem with this one is that it is very, very sticky on your hands, and it leaves a white residue if you don't work it in. And I mean work it in a lot. I found I had to use a very small amount (no problem there!) and a good amount of water, but also an unusual amount of time working it in, to get the white residue to go away.I'm actually wondering if I got a bad tube on this, because it was such an obvious and apparent problem for me, and yet looking over the many positive reviews of the product, I don't see anyone else who had this issue.All I can do is review how things worked for me, so I have to rate this poorly. But if you don't see any other similar complaints, I guess it is safe to assume something was wrong with mine."
"I have been dying my hair bright colors for many years, and have used just about all the brands out there that I know of.. so I feel like I have pretty good idea what I'm doing and have lots to compare with. This dye really disappointed me.  despite my hair being bleached ahead of time, it only stuck to some parts of my hair and not others.  I know that is natural to some degree but I've never seen a dye perform this badly before, I was pretty shocked.  To the parts it did adhere to, it still faded right away after a couple washes.  Not to mention the dye is too thick so it's a pain to try to get it all out of the tube and also to fully saturate your hair. I'm generally not picky with what brand of  dye I use, but in this case I think I will steer clear of using this one in the future.  The next brand I tried, just a cheap walmart brand in fact (splat), performed much better and but this N'rage brand to shame.  Sorry N'rage, you just didn't do it for me."
This is one of the worst hairbands I've ever owned - and I own quite a few. The metal really presses on the scalp. It gave me an awful headache!
"the product is too wet, and when i dab my mouth, the whole color comes off. it is not a tint-ter as described. it is too moist and easily erasable from the lips."
"I think whether you will like this depends on your hair type honestly.This is a dry shampoo or refresher spray that works by absorbing oils while you spray sections of your hair.  I am sensitive to strong odors and this has a very strong perfume-like odor that I found to be very irritating.  It left my hair feeling very dry, like straw and my scalp itchy.  Now I have course hair that is prone to frizzing so I have to wear a lot of product in my hair to tame the frizzies.  This is probably why this dry shampoo was not a hit for me.  For someone who is prone to oily hair, this could be fantastic if you have no sensitivity to strong odors.  I think it really just depends on your hair.I would not recommend it for anyone with course hair prone to frizz."
"I am a Salux expert.  I have been using them since I was a toddler and don't; go a day without them.  I should've read the reviews, as I usually do on Amazon.  Guess I never suspected people would knock-off a wash cloth.  These are not the long, high-quality, scrubby shower towels sold by Salux.  There are much smaller, less tightly knit, and rougher.  I am shocked that Amazon still sells these, especially given all the scathing reviews.  I have NEVER been disappointed with Amazon (speedy, reliable, great prices) until this purchase.  Extremely dissatisfied with both seller and Amazon."
It did nothing to detangle my daughter's hair that a regular brush wouldn't do. There were still tangles and tears.
"Read all reviews hoping this would be for me but it isn't.  I applied with light thistle brush and it enhanced every pore on my face.  The color was dull, got the medium natural.  It appeared greyish in color.  The one positive, it felt like nothing but I did break out badly from this powder.  Since I stopped using it, my breakouts are healing.I have used them all, high priced dept stores, drug store...pretty much MANY brands.  I gave up and I ran errands at target and picked up the maybelline mousse foundation.  I couldn't believe it, but this stuff was a perfect match to my skin, so light and doesn't come off.  $7 go figure."
"This foundation broke me out so bad after one use. I woke up to zit city!! And I rarely break out, maybe one of two occasionally but I had them all over my face! The coverage is pretty light and it does match my shade (well it did, but my new shade is fair with a bunch of red polka dot zits).It looked pretty nice after applying but the color came off my nose after about an hour, even with primer and setting powder, (i have combo skin, oily t-zone) and it was shiny and very much faded after 4-5 hrs. I have never had a foundation fade away so quickly. I happily dumped this into the trash!Worst foundation I ever tried!!"
"I bought this because the reviews were decent and I thought, hey for $1, I'll try it. No, do not even waste the $1 to purchase this. It's nothing like the real beauty blender which I just purchased and I love. It doesn't double in size under water, its super dense, and smells really weird. It doesn't lay down product nicely. I mean, you get what you pay for, but just buy the real beauty blender. It's so worth it."
"I order two bottles of this oil at different times. Neither bottle smelled like argan oil. I didn't use it on my face or anything but the ends of my hair. It was just okay I guess, but I won't be repurchasing. With the first bottle, I could tell that the quality wasn't the same as the more expensive one that I had been using. It was hard to resist the price! But, after using a second bottle, the difference in quality was pretty clear."
I thought this product would have more natural ingredients so it wasn't a good buy for me. I wanted to use it on my face for more moisture but I feel all of the additives would probably clog or aggrevate my skin. I gave it to my son to use as a lotion.
"I read reviews about Amazon selling a deluted version of what you can get at a beauty store, but I thought that I would have a better experience. Well I was very wrong! the minute I opened the bottle, the smell of alcohol was overpowering. I did shake the bottle before using but it was not enough apparently. I've tried this oil before and it is amazing but I purchased it at a beauty store, and the smell is so pleasant so there is no way this is the same product. Im not using this crap on my hair because the alcohol will not only destroy my color, but it would probably fry my hair as well since I have thin but puffy hair. Never again! and hope you do yourself a favor and get it from a real supplier of Biosilk."
"The ingredients weren't listed on the description but from the name of the shampoo I assumed it was natural, I WAS WRONG.The second ingredient is Ammonium lauryl sulfate, this is not natural and is a SKIN IRRITANT. I get scalp irritation if I use sulfates. Below are findings from the American College of Toxicology:In its final report on the safety of sodium lauryl sulfate, the Journal of the American College of Toxicology notes that this ingredient has a ""degenerative effect on the cell membranes because of its protein denaturing properties."" What's more, the journal adds, ""high levels of skin penetration may occur at even low use concentration."""
I don't even know how someone could use this thing.  It doesn't hold the lashes and I have no idea how one would get it to work better than  your plain fingers would.
This was a disappointment!!! My curls lasted no longer than 5 minutes after I ran my fingers through it. I put mouse on my damp hair after I showered and then I kept the rollers on until my hair dried. Do not buy this
"This stuff is awful on my 4b hair! It did nothing to enhance the curl, and actually made my hair very dry. When I read the ingredients I figured out why - GLYCERIN! If your hair doesn't do well with glycerin (mine HATES glycerin) then do not, I repeat, DO NOT purchase this product!"
"I didn't even use this product.  I opened the shipping envelope and I was inundated with this strong perfume smell and I didn't even open the item because I didn't like the smell.  This product just wasn't for me because I like things with lighter smells that aren't so powerful, plus when you put it on your face it smells even stronger because it's right under your nose."
"I was so excited for these nail polishes, I've always wanted to try mood nail polishes, but these chip literally 2 seconds after drying, they don't even last a day, and the only way they change color is in water, so unless you're washing your hands in cold/hot water you don't see the difference in color. I was hoping it changed color in the sun, so you can see the changes often."
i find that this clumps and dries out very fast. its definitely not something i would repurchase. doesn't extend either as advertised. had some cheaper and better mascaras
"I bought one of these from Sephora, after hearing so many rave reviews, and I'd have to say, I'm not impressed. I like for my foundation to be heavier coverage because I have some issues with acne and acne scarring and I feel like no matter how much I squeeze it out it still retains water and thins out my makeup. Worse than this I noticed it falling apart after only a few uses. Now, it has a big gash on the top rendering it basically useless. I was never hard on it and I've only had it for about a month. I think I'll just continue to use my hands from now on. I wouldn't recommend it."
"If i could return this i would .  absolutely nothing, zero, nil , nada happened, not even a tiny tingle.  I think this was a complete waste of money and certainly cannot recommend it"
"I was happy that item arrived quickly, but when I opened the package, the bottle was empty!!!  I couldnt even return or get my money back because it is considired hazardous liquid.  I'm very disappointed.  Don&#34;t Purchase this item."
"I have fine thin hair that likes to get oily if I forgo washing it for too long. I don't color my hair (naturally red). However, I know it's healthier if I can manage not to wash my hair every day. Else I have to condition it heavily and that obviously can weigh it down. Normally on my day after washing, I wear my hair up so I don't have to deal with it.I've never tried dry shampoo before. But the ads were certainly enticing enough to give it a whirl. This product did not impress. I followed the directions to the letter the times I tried it (others tinkering just slightly to see if there was a difference with application). It's ok temporarily, but feels like you have excessive product and filth on one's head. And eventually, within a very short amount of time, the oily weighed feeling returns and I want to wash it even more than before. Also, if you have sensitive skin like me, it caused my forehead to break out a little near the hairline. Overall, I was disappointed with the product. I use the bottle now for when I've freshly washed my hair to give it texture like Jonathan's Dirt (occasionally). When I want to put up my freshly clean hair it holds better. Obviously, not what the product was intended for.Regardless of my experience, I'll try other brands to see if there is one I WILL like."
"I do not like this perfume at all. To me, it smells like something an old woman would wear. Doesn't surprise me since there are none of the typical ""young"" notes in here at all (especially vanilla). Or if there are, I sure as heck can't smell them! All the friends I've asked have agreed with me that this is an old woman-smelling perfume. I sold mine on ebay."
"This curling iron works okay.  It does the job but the construction is really cheap, and makes me wonder how long it will last.  I usually use aConair Corp. CD82SCS Instant Heat Curling Iron 1-1/4"", and I have had it for over 10 years.  It still works just like the day I bought it!You plug this curling iron in, and adjust the temperature by touch.  Once you have the heat where you want it, you touch the lock symbol.  However, if you want to then turn it off, it won't turn off.  You have to unplug it.  I don't know if I got a faulty one, or if they are all like this, but I don't like that.  I like to leave my curling iron plugged in, and just use the off switch to turn it off.There are better curling irons out there, and I would suggest looking elsewhere."
This polish was way to thick and may have been sitting on the shelf way to long was not satisfied .
"it does not absorb in.. so it says thick on your face.. and smells like onions..  not the best thing i don't think... and so far,,  even with the onion smell doesnt seem to soften my skin"
"I'm pretty sure I read this before I bought it, but when it came it was nothing like I expected.  I have a cuticle trimmer that is shaped like a V that is great for trimming my dry cuticles.  I thought this trimmer had that feature to, but it looks more like a scalpel.  I don't know how to use it???  As far as the cuticle pusher end, the very first nail I tried it on it slipped past my cuticle and cut my finger."
"Belli founding physician Dr. Jason Rubin includes this useful letter on the side of the box containing this oil:""Some common skincare ingredients are absorbed into your bloodstream, where they can pass into baby's circulation. Belli PREGNANCY (no explanation of why that word must be capitalized) is the only line in the world that teratology screens each ingredient to help guard against birth defects. Every product is allergy tested, and free of artificial dyes and parabens. I created the Belli collection to help keep my wife and baby safe. Now I want to share our science with you.""I doubt that ""I want to sell large volumes of my unbelievably overpriced product"" was part of his strategy.This elasticity belly oil contains: sweet almond oil, grapeseed oil, lavender oil, gotu kola extract, cocoa butter, vitamin E, safflower seed oil and collagen hydrolysates.Dear reader - you've probably heard about the immense birth defect epidemic tied to stretch mark oils and creams, right? What? You haven't heard of it? That's because this epidemic doesn't exist.The amount of ingredients that are absorbed into YOUR blood from an oil or cream is minimal. The amount that is passed on to your baby if you are pregnant is less than that.The ""teratology screening"" performed by Dr. Rubin is described on his website: ""searches through millions of published medical research studies to help women avoid ingredients even remotely linked to birth defects.""Hmmm... do you think Dr. Rubin (or a whole TEAM of medical professionals) actually READ ""millions of published medical research studies"" or do you think he maybe googled ""safflower oil""?The truth is that you could probably bathe constantly in a metric ton of almond oil, vitamin E, etc and not suffer ill health effects to yourself or your baby other than being pretty slippery.Another unfortunate truth is that there are no substances - oils, creams, injections, medications, foods - shown to have any definite improvement on stretch marks.  Excessive weight gain is associated with them, but the only other protective effect is genetics, and you're stuck there.If Belli Pregnancy Elasticity Oil was priced similar to other products and he just added the ""teratology screen"" to give you a reason to buy Belli over his competitors, I wouldn't be writing such a skeptical review. But this product is priced at approx $40 for 4 oz, when I can find similar, and similarly safe products priced from $5 to $16 for 4 to 16 oz.This product is not bad on its own accord, but to market it by preying on the fears of expectant mothers, and charging 3 times the price of the competition is, to be generous, a scam.[..]"
Flimsy and cheaply made. Not at all happy. Will go back to Revlon or Tweezerman. Not worth spending the time or energy to return.
"I bought the Neutrogena Wave Sonic Power Cleanser based on all the great reviews and the recommendation of friends that swear by it. Unfortunately, it caused a really bad breakout (I had not had a breakout in over 10 years). It also irritated my skin, even though I was very gentle with it and did NOT use any amount of pressure while using the device. Needless to say, I would not buy this again nor do I recommend it."
These were super thin and broke off so easily. I've received other.colors I liked that were not like this. I'm not too pleased.
Compared to the other soap I bought (Australian Lemon Soap) this Nubian Lemongrass is not good. I went back to buy the Australian Lemon Soap. The smell is good with this soap but the lemon smell does not last as long. The Nubian does have bits in the soap that helps exfoliate but I don't like the soap in comparison with the other soap. You might like it. Its about preference. So it won't kill to buy it and try it but I won't recommend it.
"This is a bad primer. I don't know if I got an old product, but when I used it, the liquid clumped all over my face. It looks like a coagulated mess on my face. I would go elsewhere for a primer."
"IMO, this product is cheap. I tried it twice and didn't like the feel or use of it either time, so will not be using it again. Too bad, too, because it came with 3 jars of it."
"After re-reading the reviews on these tips, I'm not sure why I bought them. At least I only paid $3 for them. They aren't what is pictured, which is what I wanted to begin with."
"Okay so MAC fluidline comes in a round pot. This is not round. Also, the box is a square. This box is a rectangle. Fluidline alone cost $15, and the brush costs an additional $18, and they are never sold together. So this leaves me with one conclusion: fake."
"I bought this because I was going through chemo and I thought it would help me not only keep from losing my lashes but help them grow long - like one of the social workers I met who used a lash treatment and had AMAZING lashes. (I figured one is as good as the next, right?) The chemo I was going through is not a hair loss type but my hair was thinning. I used Smartlash diligently, except the week I was in the hospital, and I have noticed no difference in my lash thickness or length. I am very disappointed to lose out on so much money ( I bought two tubes on groupon) for a product that wastes both time and money."
I had higher expectations for this product. I have used this for a year and noticed no change in my skin. I could skip this step altogether and notice no difference. I am disappointed but will try another brand next.
"I read the reviews and so many were good that I figured the bad ones were just flukes or maybe the etching didn't work on a couple of disks.  Nope, I opened four different disks and tried a design on each one and not one worked.  Which is a shame.  I'm printing out my return label tomorrow and sending it off to UPS for a refund.  Ridiculous!  I think Amazon needs to take these sellers off as they are obviously a sham.  Stick with the more expensive ones that definitely say they are &#34;konad&#34; products."
"I've never used a worse quality polish before. It completely separates upon application. There is no way to achieve a smooth finish. It can't be returned, so I'm throwing the bottle and my money in the trash."
"Overall this is not an especially horrible daily sunscreen moisturizer. It does leave a rather white coat but goes away after it fully absorbs and is a little greasy just like most other sunscreens.The major factor that discontinued my use was that it contains Retinyl Palmitate, which is a vitamin A derivative. It's great for preventing premature aging, hyper pigmentation, acne, acne scars, and has various other benefits. However, vitamin A derivitives such as retinol, retinoids, and retinyls are not meant for daytime use. They make the skin very sensitive to the sun and actually increase the chances of developing cancer tremendously. That is why most antiaging and acne products that contain these ingredients stress to only use them during the night.So it is very surprising that Yes To made a sunscreen under the Yes To Carrots line since carrots naturally contain vitamin A. The sunscreen idea could have been implemented in the other Yes To lines like the blueberries and cucumbers and it would have been great and safe.This is not recommended at all, and I actually ended up returning it because I wouldn't want to give someone else the product not because the product itself is awful, but because of the overall health concerns associated with the ingredients."
"I bought this to get the knots out of my Persian cat's fur. The combs have little notches that pull her fur, and make it almost impossible to be of any use. I think the construction could be better to allow the comb to have teeth while still allowing the razor to cut..."
"I bleached my hair twice to get it to a nice pale blonde shade. Then I applied Manic Panic's purple Haze to second day hair and left it in for 12 hours with heat from my hair dryer on and off.I was expecting a nice clean shade of light purple, but what I got was a weird pink-orange streaky MESS. I've been coloring my own hair with other Manic Panic colors for years and never have I had a problem like this.Please, do NOT waste your money. If I could give it 0 stars I would."
"I have 4C class hair  and this product didn't hold my curls as I thought it would.  As soon as my hair dried it became a course kinky texture again.  I even used it as a setting product for a twist out and even though it soften my hair, the curl pattern didn't hold then either."
"I was seeking a nice, non-oily lotion to soothe my dry hands in this cold winter weather.  I actually had the chance to try before buying (at my local co-op).  The bad part is, I was fooled into thinking this product worked.  It appears to moisturize for about 5 minutes, but I've now come to realize that after those few, spare minutes, I must reapply.  It leaves a sheen of oil on the skin, which makes me think that the ingredients aren't being absorbed.  My skin still feels very dry.  The fragrance is simply OVERPOWERING.  I love patchouli, and I even bought the lavender scented lotion, and they are both extremely loud - some of the most highly scented perfumes I have ever used.  The first time I applied it at home, my boyfriend asked if I had sprayed perfume.  I am so very disappointed in this product.  Never again will I purchase anything from Dr. Bronner's.  I think there is so much fragrance in this, it is actually stinging my skin."
Crapy polish. Very disappointed it peels & is very goopy. Couldn't use even by putting polish thinner in it.
"Large clumps of my hair started coming out in the shower after using this product. Not only that, but I began to get an awful case of dandruff. When I switched back to my old conditioner, I no longer had this problem. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT! IT WILL RUIN YOUR HAIR!"
"I have medium-length, fine, blonde, naturally-wavy, thinning hair.  I am on the hunt for volumizing products.  I was hoping this shampoo would be one of them, based on some favourable reviews.  I was disappointed.  It cleans the hair fine, does not seem to strip it, doesn't have the type of harsh ingredients that over-dry or make your scalp feel bad.  But it does not provide any volume at all.  And since that's how it's being marketed, I give it a fail.  I will not buy again, and the search continues."
"Didn't see any improvements in my stretch marks, on my arms. Used it for about 10 months to a year. I wanted it to work, but instead I regretted spending my money on it. Just going to have to bite the bullet and get tattoos to cover it. I also didn't like how this made me bleed through little holes. You have to apply pressure or else it's ineffective but like I said I didn't like it - my skin turned red and it made holes in my skin. Definitely would not recommend. You'd be better off getting cocoa butter to smooth them. I know it works way better than this, having tried both.______________________EDIT: You know what is funny is that any person who gives the derma roller a negative review gets an unhelpful vote. Even if the review was honest and informative. I noticed a negative vote a few hours after I posted this review. I would beware of this product or the buyer b/c it seems as though someone just wants to make the product look good. Not everyone is going to like it."
"Left my shoulder-length, thin and somewhat oily hair brittle.  Did not help with styling and felt Ike I had witch hair after brilliant drying. Air drying made it worse. This was a disappointment as I use Aveeno shampoo and conditioner and body products."
"I was ready to love this product--it was to add shine (I normally use a separate shine spray), strengthen my hair and add volume.The positives are that it:Smells niceFeels nice to applyMakes your hair easier to comb through (right away)But I did not see it do any of the three things it claims to do.No increase in volume. (Which makes sense because the way they claim it increases volume is by keeping more hair on your head. It seems like it would take years to notice a difference at that rate.)No noticeable additional strength was noticed by myself or hair stylist.And it did not seem to do as well for shine once it dried compared to separate products I have used.The other downside was that it seemed to cause more static in my hair for some reason.I will not be purchasing this product again. I will sadly continue the quest for the perfect product.I hope this simple and straightforward review helped you."
Didn't realize it would be so strong. Tried it once but didn't keep the box so I am stuck with it. Wouldn't recommend to any one.
"I only got the hair piece and you have never sent me anything else. You got my money,now I want my stuff"
"I was always curious about wigs and after reading some of the reviews on various wigs I decided to try this one since it had good reviews and good price. I didn't expect much since it was so cheap and my expectations were met. Wig is too long which looks fake, when put on it had small bumps on top that look weird. Hair gets tangled and falls off.Ps. Look good in pictures though, so if you only want it to wear for a picture or at a dark movie theater then it's okay."
"Very chalky and powdery, was not happy or impressed with it, I think this pallet is best used for teens starting out with make-up or want to play around with make-up styles and practice techniques. Sorry but did not like at all."
"As a rule I am fine with Clairol products. These two are very disappointing. I agree that the conditioner does nothing. It just makes a mess and leaves my dry hair drier. What is the worst is that both products smell like very cheap ""lavender"" soap. And you can't get the smell out. It stayed in my hair for days. The scent was so bad it made my eyes water and I sneezed like crazy. I finally just washed them both out with Herbal Essence Hydralicious, and then put in John Frieda shampoo and conditioner for blonde hair. I was hoping that the Clairol for Tinted Hair would tone down the bad dye job left from the nightmare L'Oreal Feria Ombre experience I had. I used these several times in hopes they would help. I put up with the cheap, old-lady ""lavender"" soap smell just in hopes that the purple would tone the red down a bit. Waste of time. I finally had waited 4 weeks since the dye job distaster with Feria, so overdyed with Garnier Light Ash Blonde 91, and that helped more. I still have red so may order the Fudge Purple. I only ordered these because the Fudge Purple takes so long to get here and I needed something right away. I should have bought the Fudge Purple and just had a bit more patience. You get what you pay for. I would not recommend these unless you have no allergies or chemical sensitivities; and if you don't care if your conditioner makes your hair feel like dry straw hay."
2 of them were broken when they got here.I wouldn't be so quick to order these from scunci they did not package properly and the broken product on arrival makes them absolutley useless to me...thanks a lot scunci.
"Pure crap! If you want a great bonding base coat go for the Sally Hansen Insta-Grip. This stuff makes my nails chip by the next day. I experimented with high end and drug store polish, and guess what? when I used this as a base coat, the polish chipped. When I used the same polish with a different base coat, it lasted. With the exception of Saturday's I polish my  nails at night, so I'm not going to do major damage to them at night (hence, they shouldn't chip). Seriously one star is too many. Don't waste your money on this. Shame on you Orly!...Shame, Shame, Shame, Shame, Shame."
"Maybe I don't get the point with this. Okay, they use sex to sell it; I get that. It's supposed to create a situation in which women - I'm assuming really dumb ones - are made out of control in your presence after using it. Right. And Yaks fly.But is there anything truly unique about it?Well, it does have sandpaper sides, one of which would remove the face off a statue and other that buffs your flesh to a tender red. But other than that it's just sort of a sponge. The `directions' say it gets all those special places (if we all have them are they really so special?) but I think a washrag does a better job.So why am I even thinking about this thing this much? I'm done and I'm outta here - to find my washcloth."
"All I need to say is that the pigment was dusty for mine. I would try and let it set thinking maybe it would work that way. I let it sit for about 30 min, preceded to curl my eyelashes, and it was all gone..dust all over. Maybe I got a bad one, maybe I didn't, but I wouldn't buy it. I ended up going to sephora and buying a $20 liquid eyeliner, let me just say: you get what you pay for. The only reason this gets ONE star is for leading me to get an eyeliner that I can't live without: SEPHORA, ladies or gents. try it!"
"I have sensitive eyes when it comes to allergies. However, very little makeup actually sends me off into a watery mess. I've only had that happen twice before with liquid eyeliners, but rarely with anything else.With that said, I've used this white liner twice and both times it made one or both of my eyes swell up and tear for 2 DAYS straight. Right now the corner of my eye is raw and red (on day two of this). So I'm makeup free for a while. If you have sensitive eyes or even mildly sensitive, I wouldn't recommend this product AT ALL. Unless you're going for the zombie eye look.When I did use it, it doesn't last at all. Especially when using it on the waterline of my eyes. It just clumped up at my tear duct. When I tried using it along my lower lash line, I had to constantly draw over and over until more of a white pigment showed. It just wouldn't draw on! You can imagine how frustrating that is. Not to mention it felt like I was taking off my skin. I ended up just using white eyeshadow instead.I do not recommend this product. It doesn't last and it's making me currently suffer. :("
"I was hesitant about trying this stuff as I have very sensitive skin. I was using Pur-Minerals before and that stuff was okay. It broke me out some and it would not stay. I've always been told to stay away from 'cheap' brands but after being sick of the expensive brands I've tried I took a risk. Thankfully it paid off. I've read reviews about how it's difficult to get out of the bottle, I really didn't have many issues. Also This stuff goes on great with my concealer brush. After I've concealed certain areas I use my fingers for the rest. It goes on smooth. Only down side is the scent. I don't care for it. After about a week of using this my skin has really cleared up. Today was the first day in a long time I went without makeup, and I use to do it often before Neutrogena changed something in their foundation formula. I'm quite happy that I'm able to go days without makeup and am anxious to see how my skin keeps improving.editI went from loving this product to hating it. It was great to begin with but it seems like it's clogging my pores after about a month of using it. I wash my face well but I'm breaking out. It also seems to be leaving this weird residue. It didn't do this at first but it seems like it's already 'going bad' if that makes sense and it leaves this nasty looking residue on my face. Seems like I'm going to have to search for another product again. So it went from five to two starts. Only reason I'm giving it a two is because it still matches my skin tone unlike other makeups that don't have pinkish tones."
"Normally, I would try to find some good points about a product even if it has a bad scent.  However, the scent of this body wash is so overpowering that I cannot get past it to find some endearing qualities.The smell triggered a migraine even when my father was the one to use the body wash.  Yes, it is THAT bad.Sorry, Dove.  I wanted to like you. I love your deodorant, shampoo, and usually your soap.  This time, you failed me.dove"
"I bought this moisturizer about two weeks ago hoping it would help clear up a bad reaction to a new face cleanser. First of all, this has glitter in it, which I wasn't expecting. And it's noticeable even under foundation and concealer. Second, it makes my skin feel greasy, and rendered my concealer and foundation completely useless. After using it for two weeks and not seeing any difference in the tone of my skin, yesterday I switched back to my old moisturizer and noticed my skin looked much better- no blotchiness at all. The Visibly Even moisturizer was actually making my skin look worse! It really made any blemishes and scars I had on my face stand out, which was horrible. I don't consider my skin that sensitive, so I was really disappointed this seemed to antagonize my skin. I even applied it to my arm and noticed it caused redness there too. I'll keep the bottle and use it for sunscreen this summer, since I paid almost fifteen dollars for it, but I won't ever buy this again."
"I can't tell you whether this works or not, because I could only tolerate the smell for a few days. It has that typical skincare-with-sunscreen smell, which I do not like. Theoretically it should work, but I recommend ELTA MD Clear SPF 46 instead, as it has a significant dose of skin-brightening Niacinamide, doesn't smell, and provides reliable broad spectrum sun protection."
"The first ingredient is water, followed by mineral oil. It has a light, pleasant cocoa scent. It dissipates throughout the day for me. It's dirt cheap, about $1 for 32 ounces of product. It's not my favorite because immediately after putting this on it dissipates, and it's like you didn't just put any lotion on. The moisturization doesn't last very long either. I much prefer Suave Advanced Therapy (Walmart, $3)."
"I was really excited about using this product, because I have persistent dark circles under my eyes, and I keep looking for something that will help.It... might help? I don't know for sure, because I have to stop using it after a couple days, because my eyes get all bloodshot and irritated, which is not a good trade! I do have some dryness due to the aftereffects of LASIK surgery, so I'm probably more sensitive than most people. But I try not to get any cream where it could possibly get into my eyes, and I still keep having this reaction. Very disappointed.Can't recommend if you have sensitive eyes."
"My daughter and I both bought this.  Different skin types and differing degrees of dark circles, so we figured it had to work for one of us.  We've both used it faithfully 2x/day for 3 months.  ZERO results.  Absolutely no difference for either of us.  We might as well be rubbing water under our eyes.  Save your money.  This product is 100% worthless."
"I ordered this cream because  I had read kojic acid was recommended for skin lightening.  YES(!), I have some age spots on my hands I wanted to get rid of.  Well, I applied the Reviva Labs Brown Spot Night Cream faithfully at night for quite some time, but did not see much improvement at all. I pitched what was left and will not be ordering it again.  My lactic acid peels on the backs of my hands are doing a much better job of peeling off the age spots over time."
"This mascara is just horrible.  It is so thick and clumpy my eyelashes look a total mess.  When you normally pull out the brush these is suction that removes the extra mascara, this tube does not.  I will not buy again."
This product is greasy and grainy. It does melt after rubbing it into your hands for a few seconds. The product came in a container that wasn't sealed properly it is bright yellow and from what I understand from researching the description of what real unrefined organic shea butter is suppose to look like the color should NOT be yellow. There is a sticker on the container that says 100% authetic organic but I DON'T THINK SO!! Will not be ordering this product again from this seller! NO WAY!
"I used this as I have any other spray tanner. Layed a towel down in the bathroom and went to work.  I did get some streaking (alot of product comes out at once). Few light dabs with a towel and the excess was removed. I had a nice glow after the first application. Nothing crazy but it was better than pale white.After I was done spraying, I quickly noticed a dark layer of tanner all over EVERY SURFACE in the bathroom.  I had the shower curtain closed and it made its way over the curtain and onto the tub! The sink, top of the toilet, all over the floor, on the rug...EVERYWHERE! It was a mess. Luckly, it cleaned off easily (still havent washed the rug), but good grief! I shouldnt have to spray myself outside or in a spray tent!I used this product a second time, and physically got into the shower and closed the curtain (as I later read the manufacture suggests). It got all over the tub and curtain, but didnt seem to get on anything outside the shower area.I wouldnt recommend this product because its SO messy. It didnt last longer than a week. There are less expensive options that will do just as good, if not better. I like Neutrogena Micromist and L'oreal Sublime Bronze better than this product."
"I know that the product is supposed to blend in with your skin, but it didn't really give my skin that even look from where your face is red, etc. I could've gotten the same effect with lotion. I expected more from it, and since I used it I won't be getting my $6 back."
"This product is harsh and very drying. I have very dry mature skin and have found that skin like mine needs to be polished not scrubbed. Pots need to be scrubbed, not skin."
"Not what im looking for.. Poor durability, not for a makeup applying rookie... The highlighter made my nose look shiny and the contour powder looked dull on my skin. Also absolutely did not like the applicator.. Im usually a fan of nyx products but this one did nothing for me"
"The pain is oily, the 2nd coat runs.... Steer away from this shade. Wish I can return as after 3 tries, it still sucks"
"I  got it in Make Up Forever HD goodie box and I didn't like it at all. First of all, the texture is so thick you need to use a lot of the product to cover the face. I'll be honest, only other primer I have ever used is Hourglass Veil and with that product tiny dot can cover entire face so I was startled when I had to keep squeezing the product out of the tube.It also don't do a lot for the longevity of the make up. Useless product! In fact it turned me off of trying any other primer."
"I've tried and liked the Clear Shampoo, but this Conditioner was a bit disappointing to me.  It just didn't leave my hair as soft and silky as what I'm accustomed to. In fact, I was convinced for awhile that perhaps I actually had two bottles of shampoo in my shower instead of shampoo and conditioner.  Basically it leaves my hair feeling as if I never conditioned at all.  I'm also not a huge fan of how this product smells.  To me it has an overpowering floral scent.  But this is also a matter of personal preference.  I like things that are more subtle in nature or are unscented.  It's too bad because I do like what the shampoo does for my dry and sensitive scalp, but I miss how soft and silky other conditioners make my hair feel.  That said there is one plus in that using the Clear shampoo and conditioner together I seem to notice less oil and build up when I wait a few days before washing my hair again.  I do appreciate that since I have sensitive skin and try not to shampoo and condition my hair everyday.  However it is a bit disappointing that in order to get there I have to deal with dry feeling hair the first day my hair is washed."
I tried this shampoo today and its not moisturizing at all.My hair became literaly hard and brittle as i was shampooing it.It was worse than a dollar store shampoo.I like the other products in this line but this shampoo is terrible.
"The color of my hair looks NOTHING like the color on the box (I used Chestnut Brown (Iced Truffle.  I started with a dark blonde/light brown color on my hair and wanted it to be darker, but it came out a DARK brown with a wine colored tinge to it.  I dye my hair often enough to know how to do it, so it wasn't a newbie mistake.  Also, my hair does NOT look healthy after using.  It looks worse than before I dyed,.If you're looking to just enhance your own hair color or add a little glossiness to it, try using John Frieda's color glaze for brunettes (you can catch my review on that, its amazing!)  Looks like I'll have to use Color Oops and try with a different brand."
"I wanted to love this eye repair creme, but couldn't, because I'm allergic to it.  I was so disappointed when I realized after trying it numerous times, I just can't wear it.  It makes my eyes glassy and watery.I love the Dermal Repair Cream and thought the TNS Eye repair would be a great complement;  but for me, it shall never be.Unfortunate."
"Baby is pasty white after application, and I don't feel that this spreads as well as the Coppertone clear one we have."
"I've been curling my lashes since high school, a very long time ago, so I consider myself well versed in the technique.  Furthermore, if I were forced to choose only one beauty item to take with me to a desert island, it would probably be an eyelash curler, that's how heavily I depend on it.I was so excited when I read such good things about the Tweezerman curler; I'd purchased the Shu, but it didn't fit my eye socket.The Tweezerman does curl my lashes very well, but it's bound for the trash can.Unfortunately, like a couple of other reviewers mentioned, it has caused my lashes to fall out in clumps.  I've had a ""bald spot"" almost in the center of my right eyelid for over a month.  The lashes are finally coming back, but I still have to fill in the area with pencil.  I haven't had to do that since I stupidly left makeup on my fingers before curling my lashes; fingers slipped in the handle, and half of my eyelid was bald.  That was a hard lesson; this is another.Back to hunting for a great curler."
"This product made my previously clear-ish skin break out with a fury. It also dried my skin, made me peel a little, and did not mix well with my other makeup (blush and eyeshadow either fluffed off too easily or creased). Bare Minerals didn't really cover any discolorations or give me a ""healthy glow"" like I get from my liquid foundation. I would not recommend this product as it didn't do anything more than a Cover Girl compact except for the heinous breakouts."
"I had the chance to try this product out, so I got it for my wife to use. Typically she uses ""Clear"" brand shampoo and conditioners and she gave this a try. Apparently she didn't care for it compared to Clear as I went into the bathroom and saw the bottle in the trash. It wasn't a horrible product, but she didn't care for the smell of it.  She is sticking with Clear"
"This stuff made me break out, and I don't normally have skin issues. The main ingredient is mineral oil, so that is probably why. It is thick, pink, and smells odd. I will not be purchasing this again."
"My hair is damaged from coloring and I used this conditioner hoping for a miracle. Unfortunately, I did not get it. The conditioner is very thick, I have short hair which is chin length and I needed a palm size portion to cover all my hair. The smell reminds me a hair saloon when your hair is wet, but not when dry.  After my hair was dried and straight ironed, it was coarse and dry.Unfortunately this product did not work for me, but after reading the reviews this product does seem to work for a large percentage of users."
"This Just Gel polish would not cure properly and smelled strongly of solvent. Apparently someone who had the bottle before me attempted to thin it with remover or nail polish thinner. Pure gel polishes shouldn't have a strong odor and even though I understand dark colors can be trickier and take longer to cure, they should still cure after a reasonable time to the same glossy, hard finish as any other gel polish color. Mine left a thick film of uncured, pigmented polish, and the part that cured was dull and porous. I had the same problem with some clearance Gelishes from Sally Beauty. I was new to gel polishes at the time and imagine my frustration trying to get them to work!I will still buy this product again, because it's obvious the one I got was defective or tampered in some way.Purchased from Beauty Chain, who immediately approved the return, though I still need to research how to legally ship back a nail polish containing a flammable substance.Update 2014-02-22: Amazon (not BeautyChain) credited me for the purchase after I explained the dilemma, and they didn't require me to mail it back."
"I still have my big toe nail. I see a lot of reviews are from women who have their big toe nails removed or damaged. The other sizes are fine, but the biggest toe nail in the package is still too narrow for my toe.  When I purchase the ones from the local pharmacies, I don't even use the largest one in those packages, I use size 2 (0 and 1 are larger). Sorry, not ordering again. It's a shame bcz I love the full cover nails for your fingers they have here."
"I personally prefer just putting a pure aloe lotion on if I have a skin problem of any sort.  I have previously reviewed Aubrey Organics' Pure Aloe lotion here and given it five stars.  I  am going to stick to that product instead of changing to this one.  First, the smell is not pleasing with this lotion.  When I hear the word botanical, I think of something smelling good.  This does not smell good nor does it remind me of anything I've smelled in a botanical garden.  I belong to the botanical garden in my city so I do know what that smell is like.  Second, it feels greasy afterwards, especially if you have put it on your hands.  That greasy feeling does not go away. Third, the price is atrocious.  There is nothing about this product which warrants that price tag.  The only positive thing I can say is that my skin did feel less dry but my aloe lotion does just as well with no bad odor, no greasy feel and incredibly more value for its pricetag."
"It says oil free, but with my crazy sensitive/combination skin, I should have known better.I've been using this moisturizer on my arms, shoulders, etc. for some light sun protection though so not all is lost."
these are terrible for acrylic i would not suggest any one to buy these just invest in some expensive ones
Meh. It goes on pretty dry and flaky. My lashes look crunchy and don't hold a curl. I'll be sticking with my Dior primer.
"When I received the product, I was very disappointed to see how the little sliders were broken and so were the colors. They were all cracked and mixed into different colors. Thus, I was unable to use the colors. The brushes were low-quality and the hairs of the brush fell apart and created a mess. The colors were all over the lip gloss and the makeup had fell apart.The pigments were great, thus, I ended up using it as nail color, mixing the colors with top coat and applying it on my nails! So, I would recommend the others with the same situation as me to do so as well! Would give it one-star, however, because of the use I had with it, I'm giving it two more stars."
Delivery time took way too long and when it was received the box was badly damaged.It seems they just made tracking number but did not ship out until few days later....I emailed them what is going on but did not resolve anything.The lotion is way too oily and I can't really use it before going out as it will make myface too shiny and oily.  I won't recommend this product to people I know.
"I had no problems with the stickers, French White Tip, or UV Top Coat.However, you might as well throw out the Sheer French Color. It's very streaky, unless you put on 3-4 coats, in which case, would defeat the purpose of it being &#34;sheer.&#34; The color itself is very, very light and not flesh-toned at all. It makes for a very unnatural, ugly complement to the French White Tip."
"I purchased this comb in addition to the Cricket Ultra Clean Section (small) comb, which was not only much better designed, but very inexpensive. This tortoise comb is pretty, snag-free, and (apparently) handmade (hence the price?), but its slick finish is hard to hold on to, which kind of defeats the purpose of using it in the shower to comb in conditioner. The teeth work just fine, no snagging, pulling, or other complaints, but this comb is not at comfortable to grasp."
"Sure, I received five double tipped pens.  Five of the pens have the same size tips on one end, four have the same size on two ends.  What I got was only four different sizes. I use these for making dots and hearts on decorative painting and was expecting ten different size tips. Very disappointed."
"I was very excited the first few times I tried this product because my hair felt thicker than normal.  It created some volume that my hair normally doesn't have.My hair is very fine but has some curl to it, and when I put this product on the first time, my hair appeared to be thicker but it was difficult to keep it curled.  I opted for a wavy style in order to keep the volume and it worked.I continue to use it hoping for better results but I think this is all I'd get.  Though it still gives some volume to my hair -despite the weighing down, it has not really improved the overall thickness of it.  Once I wash this off, the faux volume goes down the drain.I have also noticed that my hair is a bit drier than normal and I wonder if it is because the first ingredient is alcohol.  I had bigger expectations but I think I will not be buying this product any time."
Got this product with free reward points at a local beauty shop and brought it on vacation this week. Used the product today and saw absolutely no beneficial effects and actually the product just left a white dandruff appearing residue. Would suggest to stick with Batiste.
I did not find these gloves very helpful.  I would not buy again because I did not find any particular difference than just using your hand and special exfolicating salt scrubs.
pro: it heats up very fastcons: doesn't make my hair smooth and feels really rough on my hair when I straighten my hair
"Ponds has a new daily cleanser that is creamy, as well as 'exfoliating'. I have been using this (daily) for the past couple weeks, and the only positive thing is that it hasn't dried out my skin. I have not noticed clearer skin, and I don't think it does a good job at exfoliating.It has a gentle fragrance, so if you are sensitive to scents, it's a good one for you. I'm sorry but I don't recommend this cleanser :(Updated: I continued using this product and it dried out my skin terribly and I had to stop using. Really not worth the price at all. Not recommended."
"**Edit 10/17/11**This is a nice fragrance when you put it on. Smells like blueberries and grapes as well as a few other fruits I cannot quite put my finger on. Then it mellows down to the mid notes which is somewhat reminiscent of passion fruit but a little spicier. Then after about two hours it mellows down to the base notes which smells like fruit but a cheap, off brand scent underneath. Kind of plastic-like. I love the first two effects but the third has me feeling like i put something on from a Barbie play costume set. Unfortunately I had to drop it three points for that reason because the base note is what you get left with and I am not much of a fan of it. Maybe this is better for teens but I am 28 and looking for something a little more adult without going to something in left field like Opium and White Diamonds (smells great but is too heavy for my age group). If you are like me and want something a smidgen more sophisticated maybe skip this one and keep looking. I also ordered about three other brands of perfume to test, Escada ""Magnetism"", Paris Hilton ""Heiress"" and Estee Lauder ""Beyond Paradise"". I will be reviewing when I try, probably this week!What's in this Fragrance?Top Notes:Black Cherry, Framboise, PlumMiddle Notes:Night Blooming Orchid, Iris, FreesiaBase Notes:Amber, Musk, Vanilla**Original Review**I just received this fragrance today and I had to put some on my wrists immediately to see what it smelled like. Awesome! It started out smelling like blueberry's and I have to say that it's nice. I got the 1.7 ounce because I am trying to find my new signature fragrance so I don't want a big bottle of something I may not like since I have never smelled it before. I am pleased to say that this is a rather large bottle and I love the scent. It has not had time to really break down into any midtones yet but so far I am quite pleased and I keep sniffing my wrist. I recommend this if you like light, somewhat sweet, fruity fragrances. And this is far from bug spray, as one reviewer stated. I say get the small bottle and try it!"
I can only give this one star because I never received it looks nice I wish I had I'm sure it was bling bling
"Much too oily for my skin it also enhanced what I wanted to camouflage which defeats the purpose. Not very much of each color, Worth buying if your skin is dry and you don't want too much coverage."
"I've used this product and like it (although the plastic case is cheap and the opener broke so I have to be careful how I close it), but it is way too expensive for what you get.  The colors also don't match my skin, so I need to mix two colors to get what I need.I consider this product not much of a higher level quality than most other off the shelf brands.  If I want to pay nearly $90 per ounce (that's equal to almost $1,500 per pound), I'll go to a department store makeup counter, get some personalized attention, and the powder might not cost as much.If you really need this product for your skin type, its ok (consider the cost of all that loose powder on your sink, clothing, etc.).  If you can get away with it, get some other less expensive product and go buy a new pair of shoes with the money you saved!"
I purchased this product for crows feet around my eyes.  There was no change after using this product.  It did moisturize my skin.
"I tired this product for about a week no results at all.I understand it is a low strength but I was looking for some type of results.I reached out to the seller and was told it is against amazon policy to return beauty products.I have been able to return lip stick that wasn't my shade.Positives it was a complete set, fast shipping, get packaging."
"Well first let me say,i don't have wrinkles or hard lines(im in my 20s) i use anti-wrinkles washes and creams to hopefully help prevent them in the future,so i can't comment from an anti-wrinkle view point however i have very oily,sensitive skin that can easily get a small break out. I started using this among other products and started to notice i would get small breakouts, i figured it must be the other new product cleansers and toners i was using cause eucerin has never given me breakouts,so i stopped using the other products,and tested this product on certain areas on my face only,and sure enough those exact spots had the new abrasions. I have super oily skin,i believe this product causes clogged pores which leads to the breakouts,i suggest you avoid if you have oily skin,i will continue to use this product of my neck and chest to get rid of it."
"The large brush is too big to use for blush, the medium brush is too small and pointy and the smallest brush is for eye shadow. I found these brushes to be anything but useful."
"I just want to say how extremely displeased I am with these products. I have been using the shampoo and conditioner for about 2 weeks now and they have both made my hair look terrible. It is now dry, frizzy and the products are stripping my color out. The description said this conditioner was safe for colored hair. The products have also made my scalp itchy and the scent of the shampoo and conditioner is a little strong. Such a waste. Save your money and buy something else."
"I watched dozens of cortex 4 in 1 VIDEO reviews on YOUTUBE about this and every one had something wonderful to say so I figured I would try it.1-First of it was not new even though i purchased it new, when i opened it, it had finger prints and it looked dirty.2- I used it and the curls fell out after like 20 minutes, even though I used good hair spray3- The only reason I didnt give it a 1 star review was because it is very light, your arms don't hurt when waving your hair.I NOW REALIZE THE ONLY REASON WHY ALL THE YOUTUBE REVIEWS WERE SO GOOD WAS BECAUSE THEY WERE SPONSORED :(I wouldn't recommend. Will try to work with amazon about returning this"
"I am sensitive to fragrances, not overly, but this gave me a headache.  I have seen no improvement in my Melasma due to pregnancy hormones altering the color of my skin on my cheekbones creating brown spots. It made my skin dry and flaky, which is a warning that it's working, but I don't notice any difference.  I will continue to use, with advil, until empty and will report my results if anything changes."
"I did not like these brushes and gave them away.  The tip popped right off during use with one, and the brushes are stiff and don't work so great for application."
The dotting feature is nice but don't expect the brush to be the thick one like salons have. The bristles are thin and flimsy and work poorly to take any polish off for clean edges
I do not like this product. I have a very sensitive skin. This powder acctually  broke me out. I m sure somebody else had a different experience with it.The item arrived very fast.
I love the leave in and the conditioner. But this over night product doesnothing for my think hair. Wish I did not waste my money on it.
"I have mix feelings with this mascara. This mascara is ok but not the best. I do like that it doesn't flake, clump and lashes are soft to touch. Other than this thats all the positive I have to say for this mascara. This mascara has cons in my opinion.1. Not sure why its has volum or plush words in the name. There is no evidence that it does these things to your lashes.2. The wand is very odd to work with. Needs some major work. It doesn't work for this mascara liquid.3. You can't remove this mascara with a water base makeup remover. I purchased Maybelline's oil base make up remover and it does get the mascara off.I probably will not purchase again. This mascara doesn't do what it advertised.2/17/2012 UPDATEHave used this mascara several weeks. I too am losing lashes. I use to have alot of lashes. Half my lower lashes are gone on one eye. I would suggest when using the oil remover dont rub but hold a few secs and slide it off the eye lashes. That seems to be helping to keep the few lashes I have. There is a bad chemical smell that waters my eyes and maybe causing my eye lashes coming out in clumps. Revised and gave it one star."
The scent for this product was overwhelming.  I gave it away.  It smells like really strong pumpkin spice.  Putting it on my face made me nauseous.
"(This review is for the platinum conditioner rather than the shampoo -- I was sent the wrong product to review, like many other people.)Tresemme Platinum Strength Conditioner, 25 OunceI have been told by the resident hair expert who tried this conditioner that it made her hair greasy and gross. Rinsing for ten minutes did little to reduce the heavy, sticky feeling, and she says her hair feels far dirtier than if she had simply skipped shampooing for a day or two. Would not buy this product again!"
"I was exited to use this crap at first because of the *steps*. First time I used it, It was good. When I used it everyday like it says, my skin was AWFUL. I've a sensitive oily skin and my skin literally got inflamed. My face was all red and burning!! Whenever I'd apply anything it'd STING. I kept using it hoping it'd phase out and get better. It got so dry and it was peeling pretty bad and my skin was just falling and my face was so red like a monkey's butt and I couldn't go to school because of the way I looked. Every time I use it, I regret it. It's NOT worth your money. Please don't buy it."
"I was looking for a luminizer and admittedly I got thrown off by the reviews on this. After all, the African American girl that I am, could not possibly look healthy and glowly in this pink luminizer."
I returned this product after one use.  Not only does it NOT help in making your make up last longer but it makes it worse.  It made my makeup look cakey and did not nothing to preserve it.  Would not recommend.
The design when applied to nail is very light to having gaps in the design. Some of the designs on the plates will not take well enough on the stamper to show up in full design. The few that take well you can feel the indentations on the plate. Those that do not work you cannot feel with the finger tip!! Used several different polishes. Will not be using. I will simply free hand designs and forget this.
"I just got the product and I'm really excited to try, but the dates underneath say 2013.... Idk if it's expired or manufacturing date which makes me paranoid and concerned. If it's expired I will definitely contact seller to send me new ones, but first I have to figure it out...sad cause I was excited to try it."
I purchased this product because I thought it would help my dry natural hair.  However this product was not for me it made my scalp itch like crazy.  I passed it on to my daughter and it okay for her.
"This is a nice color, but it comes in a paper-case. It is flimsy. It is also very, very small. I would not purchase this again. I would rather get MAC or NARS blush next time & from now on."
"I used 10-0-6 products back in my teens and early 20s.  And although I am waaay past that now, I discovered this product when searching for a cheaper alternative to the mattifying face cream I've been using for the past several years.  At only $7 a bottle I figured it was worth a try, so I found some at the local Ulta beauty store.After having used it twice now, my conclusion is that the product developers must not know what the word ""mattifying"" means.  I am (thankfully) long past the oily skin of the teen and early 20 years, and yet this product couldn't even give a matte finish to my middle-aged skin.  My forehead was shiny as though I hadn't used anything.  Shine-free?  Not even.So it's back to the $30 mattifier I've been using.  You definitely do get what you pay for."
"This is the first time I've used this product, and it has not done a very good job on my hair. Breaks my hair, and it never processes very well. I would be wise not to buy it again. Going back to the original. What's in that blend anyway? Not working out."
"I really wanted to love it, but found it to be rather sticky after a light application.  So I applied powder over it, but then my skin looked like leather.  I returned it."
It doesnt even cover my head! The hair in the back isnt even long enough to cover the end of my hairline on the nape of my neck. Hair is terribly thin as well. Do not purchase.
"Of the five Clear products I've tried, one shampoo, two conditioners, and two masks, this is the only one that I don't like. Promoted as a mask and not a basic conditioner, I'd expect it to do more than a basic conditioner, but it doesn't. TheCLEAR SCALP & HAIR BEAUTY Total Care Nourishing Conditioner, 12.7 Fluid Ounce, and theCLEAR SCALP & HAIR BEAUTY Ultra Shea Smooth & Nourish Conditioner, 12.7 Fluid Ouncework just as well to make my hair manageable and control tangles, and at a little over twice as much product for the same price are certainly better values. The Intense Hydration mask is thick, and I found it difficult to spread through my hair, so I used about twice as much of it as I do of the a basic conditioner. That makes the value even less for me. To make matters worse, it's blue, blue 1 lake and yellow 5 lake. I don't know what it is about blue. I just don't like it in a beauty product. Seems unnatural somehow.My favorite Clear product is theClear Deep Nourishing Treatment Mask, Ultra Shea, 6 Fluid Ounce. It not only makes my hair easier to comb out when it's wet, but continues to control tangles when my hair is dry. I also like the Shea Conditioner. Even though the Clear products aren't heavily scented, and they all smell nice, I like the Shea scent the best."
"this is very simple, took a long time to receive it, it is made pretty well though I guess, but it didn't work well for me, mabey I was doing it wrong, I am going to give it to my sister to try, and see if it works better for her, if so I will update...however like I said, this might work for you, if you use or have used similar ones to this before than im sure this will work pretty good for you and would recommend it for someone like that, if not, there is not any instructions, and it just did not work. I may be wrong in saying it would work for others that are used to these type of products because mabey it is the product itself, im not sure as this is the only one that I have and that I have tried to use..."
"I was excited for the opportunity to sample and review one of the high end facial products but that quickly turned to disappointment.  I do not have sensitive skin but one use and I had red blotches across my forehead. The scent was very strong, almost perfumed rather than just scented. Why is that even needed on a facial product? I'll continue to try the products on my hands to use them up but this is not a product i would ever pay for or recommend. Oil of Olay is a better bet for your money, don't waste it on this stuff."
"It made my hair feel like straw and a devil to get tangles out while blow drying! It took me a week of deep conditioning with my favorite conditioner, Dove, to get it soft again.  I will not be using again!  Their keratin spray instant repair is the BOMB though.  I can't live without it!"
"I live in the desert and have combination skin and this lotion was far too thick and greasy for me. I could only bring myself to use it for a week, so I couldn't judge whether it actually helped smooth wrinkles or even skin tone."
This does not smell the greatest and then after applying it and tanning I smelled like I had old lady perfume on.
"Ok, I'm not sure about the &#34;original&#34; price of over 150$, BUT. This just doesn't work. If you can't use it with UV gels, what's the point?  It cracked and flaked off. I use Ibd UV topcoat and it NEVER cracked. I LOVED the glossiness, but it just didn't work with what I wanted. (UV Gel Topcoat). Great seller, great delivery. hmmph product. :-/"
"I wished it worked for me like everyone else. It does smell very nice the powder is soft. It did not go well with the foundation that works for my skin so it was a justa product mismatch for me I guess, it happens."
It was alright. you can get them much cheaper at your local beauty supply store and it gets the job done.
"Maybe its me, but i have no idea how these work and what to do with them. For me, it was a waste of money. I just didn't get it."
"For what it is meant to do, Dove Oxygen Moisture Root Lift Spray doesn't do much lifting! I have short hair so maybe I expected more but it didn't help much. It did keep flyways to a minimum but if you spray too much, you get an oily residue and have to shampoo and start over."
"While I liked the product initially because it does hydrate well something started to happen that I thought might be coincidence.  I started noticing eye bags.  I thought at first maybe I was ingesting too much salt, not hydrated, not getting enough rest, etc.  Eventually I suspected it's the NIA complex and discontinued it.  The bags started disappearing.  A month later I tried it again (new jar this time just in case) to see if this was coincidence.  They began reappearing.  I tried reducing the amount applied, and even just using it only at night.  Only when I switched to another product did the problem clear up for me.Might just be my skin, but sadly this is a no-go for me.BTW I could not wear under make-up unless applied at least 15 minutes before applying eye make-up (or it would smear off)."
I have fair skin and this color was more brown than the pic shows.  Looks more burgandy in the pic but I can assure you it is more in the dark brown family.  Did not look good w/my skin tone at all!!!!  I did put a coat of glittery red on top and it helped but won't be using it again.
"These shears are terribly dull and do not open and close smoothly which actually hurt my hand when I was trying to cut my nephew's hair. I've used better scissors in middle school art class. I eventually resorted to using my cheap kitchen shears which were much sharper and smoother than these ""professional"" shears. I will not be buying from this company again."
"You see, I would expect that for $20 at 3.6 oz I would see an immediate improvement in my facial color especially when using it with a bed with facial bronzing bulbs.  I've usually used whatever lotion I'm using that day except for tingles (I've yet to put a tingle lotion on my face.)  Anyways, someone else wrote a review saying it took about a pea size drop to cover their whole face.  Maybe its because I'm a guy and I'm a little larger than some of the petite women using these products, but it took about 3 pea size drops to cover my whole face.  I can see having to use this if you have seriously sensitive skin and break out with the regular tanning lotions on your face, but even then you may as well use the slightly cheaper and slightly larger bottle of Saving Face by Designer Skin (also available through Amazon,) which is also hypoallergenic.  I probably won't be using this lotion again for this price.  I may try another facial lotion (I've read some great reviews about Australian Gold's Crystal Faces or I may just try the Saving Face,) but I can't see paying $20 for something this small without some super special benefits.  It would be like buying Designer Skin lotions full price at the salon just because I have the money to blow, in my opinion.  I'll finish this bottle while using tingle lotions, but definitely won't be paying for this facial tanning accelerator again."
"This appears to be invisible once I have applied it to my skin. It might absorb oil but I'm not sure. I put this product on after I put on my moisturizer and my concealor. I dust it on my forehead, down my nose, on my chin, and a little on the tops of my cheekbones. Then I apply a light bit of blush or bronzer to my cheekbones, some lip gloss, and consider my makeup ""done"".I got the ""peach"" shade of this product, but in truth, it looks more like beige to me. That's not entirely a bad thing, especially if you want a neutral look, but this product certainly didn't provide a warming glow to my skin like I thought a ""peach"" tone would.If this product does create a highlighting or shimmer effect, it is very, very subtle. How subtle? So subtle that I can't see it in my bathroom mirror. One plus/benefit of this product is that it is unscented (I hate face powder that has an old lady smell). Although I use this product, in part to absorb oil, I frequently forget to use it. I think I forget it because I'm still not really sure what it does since I cannot see it once I apply it to my skin.UPDATE: I stopped using this product entirely. The way the container is made makes it too easy to accidentally spill powder on myself or my bathroom counter when I'm trying to apply this product."
"As with the toner, I don't get what the hype is about this cleanser. I so wanted to love this. It is nice and creamy, but heavily scented and never feels rinsed off. In addition, I have to wash my hands with another soap to get the cleanser off. Otherwise my hands feel greasy, so of course it doesn't feel rinsed off my face. It reminded me of Ponds Cold Cream, but with a heavier scent (do they even make that anymore?). I'm rather bummed I spent so much on these products. Live and learn."
"Ugh. I can't stand it when products claim to be full of beneficial ingredients, but when you look at the ingredients list, those things are only barely there. There is only a very tiny amount of collagen and elastin in this product -- certainly not enough to really cause any significant changes in one's skin. If you look at the ingredients list, the Hydrolyzed Elastin and Hydrolyzed Collagen are listed as the 18th and 19th ingredients. The main ingredient in this is mineral oil, which will definitely moisturize your skin but isn't necessarily GOOD for your skin, because it forms a film on the surface of your skin that can not be absorbed, thereby blocking the pores and the skin's natural respiration."
"I wear fake lashes on daily basis so I know what I'm talking about. They look fake, and they're just too small.Horrible quality. I expected much more because of the positive reviews....  do not order"
"Umm I mean it's just oil , nothing special about it , I don't see what's the fuss is all about , I wanted it to work wonders , but it's just an oil that basically does nothing to your hair , oh well at least my hair"
"I tried this for 2 months with out any curl enhancement.  It may be a good conditioner and does smell good, but it does not help my curls."
"This hairdryer has a powerful cyclone type effect and will take your hair into the airwave and curl it. I have long hair and had no issue getting my hair into the ""tunnel"". Unfortunately however, the curl result was quite limp and looked perhaps like after you braid your hair and then take it out. Perhaps this might work for people with thick hair but for my hair, which is very thin, the cyclone effect was wasted. I ended up removing the attachment which easily comes off and using the hair dryer just as you would any other average hair dryer."
"I thoat this cream was going to do somthing special since it has a big price tag, but now i found out that big price means nothing. Im 34 with a very nice skin to began with ( I take good care of it) and  allwas looking to find somthing better but so faar nothing beats Obagi, specialy the tretinoin treatment with the blender. Nothing nothing beats Tretinoin with the blender combo from Obagi"
"BUT I HAVE VERY SENSITIVE, FRAGILE ALLERGY PRONE SKIN, IT MAKE'S MY SKIN RED AND BURNS WHEN I USE IT. CK"
"I thought it was the real deal and UPON opening the bottle, Could tell at first glace that it is a KNOCK OFF!! No designer signature and missing labels. AND to make it WORST, it doesn't small like the real thing. I been wearing this perfume for years, I know my Ed Hardy.... and it smells like a cheap family dollar perfume, mostly alcohol and water."
"Mine came in decent condition - only one pigment broke on its way. The eyeshadows are all FREAKISHLY sparkly and annoying. They flake off throughout the day even with primer. They're dusty and just kind of disgusting. I only like about four of the textures. The lip glosses burn and are made with terrible quality. Even the applicators that come with are trash. It'd be fine as a gift to pre-teen who is experimenting with makeup, but to any adults, this is garbage. e.l.f. has way better quality palettes."
"Sadly this cream burned my eyes.Not just a little, but A LOT and I don't consider myself having sensitive eyes.It did little in the way of actually moisturizing my eye area.I'm 21 and would like something to moisturize and help prevent wrinkles.I do not think this is worth even trying.Honestly, go for something that will actually work.The pump is nice. Most eye creams come in jars, but I wish more came in this pump packaging.I recommend, instead of this, Clinique All About Eyes Cream.It is $29 for .5 ounce BUT it is such a GREAT eye cream. It really is! The regular All About Eyes is oil-free and great for oily/ance-prone skin (which I have) BUT there is a richer formula for those who need even more moisture around the eyes.Half an ounce will last incredible long (At least 9 months).I received three sample size jars (.07 oz each I think) and there is so much product in one jar that I think one sample jar will last me two months."
I ordered the single dappen dish in the past and really loved the quality and the size.  It is small and good for small personal use.I thought that these are the same but the 5 pack dish was definitely really poorly made and feels greasy with lots of imperfections.I don't think that it is even worth the time to return but I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
"It's heaven on spice and price, and powdery as well. Not sure if this counts as a cologne or a fragrant hockey puck-obviously Bulgari's designers didn't work to hard on this one.  Are they going to make a baseball cologne next?"
Do not buy it...................................... flowers were everywhere and only received a few flowers that came out hole. The rest where all broken up. you can go to 101customnails channel to view a video I have posted to see how they came out. I open them and take them out on this video and if you watch you will see that this is not worth buying. Very disappointed. Will not buy from this buyer again......................................
"I must stress that it is not a bad fragrance but certain elements does not mess well at all.  I first tested this at a department store because I constantly see this fragrance at a discount store I frequent.  Thank goodness I sampled it first or I would have gifted it to my best friend.  I don't smoke at all but I do eat a moderate amount of spicy foods.  So this might have some effect on the fragrance.  But during that week I sampled this, I didn't consume any spicy foods.  I had the sales associate spray one wrist with Angel and the other wrist with Alien, also by Thierry Mugler.  In the first 5 minutes, I was overwhelmed by the piercing scent that is almost akin to ammonia, which the Angel fragrance.  As it dried down and attempted to mesh with my body chemistry, it smelled like stale cigarettes, a$$, and old mocha coffee on me.  Sadly I won't make an effort to purchase this and would discourage anyone from purchase this for me as a gift."
"I took a chance and purchased ""Design"" by Paul Sebastian because of the glowing reviews. I was told by someone that it reminded them of an old lady in church. I found it kinda strong, and I agree it has an old fashioned thing going on.I guess thats due to the warm musky notes."
Looks nothing like the pic of the nail that is shown. I would have to put on 10 coats to get it to look like that. I put on 3 coats and it still looked like I had barley put any on. Ordered different colors of the Sparkles Collection and they all were like that. I will not buy this product line again. Waste of money.
I prefer Wen over this. Some people think it is a good replacement but I can tell the difference and I wouldn't even reorder this one to use on the dog. It just doesn't get the job done and leaves hair lifeless and icky feeling
"I'm sorry to say that I was not pleased at all with this product. It might be because I don't know how to use it, but the fact is that is leaves my hair feeling dry and not loose.I don't know what to do with it now.I will not buy it again for sure."
I didn't see any real results after using this entire product.  Others may find it works for them but it did nothing for my acne.  I used it every day and night regularly.
"I g0t it in wallgreens for something around $30, becasue it says on the box NON-WHITENING, and light, well...it is quite light, lighter than other titanium dioxide SPFs, but it is WHITE, and I put it on int he car, and did not look in the mirror..... so was walking around white like a death....and the most upsetting thing - it does not SPF well....dark spots have appeared even after walking under the fall sunlight...:("
"I can't believe the good reviews. I don't get it! This is the worst mascara I have ever used.  What a waste of money.  Tarte is close to perfection in mascara, and defiantly volume."
"I really wanted this to work out!  I love the body lotion so much and needed something to moisturize my face.  I have sensitive skin and am prone to break outs.  This cream is thick and rich and wonderful!!!  Unfortunately, it also clogged my pores and after I used it just one night, I woke up with a breakout.  I kept using it over the next couple of days in the hopes that the one breakout was a fluke....but no, I broke out again.  :(  Wish it could have worked!"
"I received this mask as a complimentary gift at a salon where I get full blonde highlights on my mostly straight fine almost waist-length hair, and after using it twice, I would not ever buy this. The first time I used it I put two quarter size amounts in, and the second time I smeared on a handful of the mask thinking it would work better, but got the same results. It made my hair feel incredibly dry and stuck together like rope, and impossible to comb without risking breakage. I had to coat my hair with my aveda leave-in conditioner in order to get a wide-tooth comb through it. This did not suit my type of hair at all."
"Moroccan Oil is just over priced for what it is. This mousse was very liquidy and not very effective. My hair was still frizzy after use, and this product didn't hold my curl well. There are other, cheaper, more natural products out there that work a lot better for my curls."
"I put off looking for a new natural shampoo for a while because its hard as hell to find shampoo with exactly what i want (3 or 4 main natural ingrediants that make my hair look really good) without the companies adding a crapload of other stuff i dont want in my hair... i finally started looking for some and this one is the 3rd one i bought... only thing about shopping online is that its hard to read the back of the bottle to see all of the ingrediants... like i always do when i shop offline... so i just pick whatever looks like might not piss me off when i finally get it and read the backi used this about 2 times before i finally really read the back only because when i used it i actually liked how it made my hair look (the best out of the 3)...  a lot like the shampoo i'd been using for 10 plus years until they decided to stop making it -creme of nature (the original older version) -  which i didn't think i'd be able to match... but the combo of this plus jason's aloe vera conditioner both have the same ingrediants as creme of nature (the main 3 or 4 i look for )...  so i didnt care what was in it just that my hair finally looked like it used to... not until after the 2nd day did i start to notice my hair was getting dryer... this happened to me before... used a hair product... looked great... then a couple days later went from great to dry to breaking off... turns out its the alcohol they put in it.. that plus the perfume.. which is alcohol on top of alcohol.. not good for your hair.. at all... i would never put any kind of alcohol in my hair unless i was trying to eff it up on purpose... dry it out and give myself dead ends...  plus never liked the smell of it.. its strong and stinky.. turns out because of the cheap smelling perfume they dumped in it... i dont know if it was this shampoo or jasons conditioner thats doing the drying out but I think its the conditioner because that has Stearyl Alcholol at the top of the ingrediants which means theres a lot of it in there... why is it so hard for these companies to just put a handful of ingrediants and leave out all the extra crap that always ends up being the stuff that does damage and should'nt be in it...  doesn't get any dumber than putting alcohol in any beauty product.. the only thing alcohol should be used for is to sterilize.. it shouldn't be in anyhthing that you want to make soft and shiny because it'll cancel itthe 5 most important things that leave your hair healthy and shiney are aloe vera, wheat germ oil, jojoba and dimethicone.... hydrolyzed milk protein and honey help too but i only look for the first 4... i actually bought all 4 of those things pure and organic on here by themselves so i dont have to deal with all the extra bad stuff these companies add... but i've been too lazy to mix em together and use em... i used a couple on their own and my hair did look soft and shiney..  the dimethicone left it shineyi  wont use jason's aloe vera conditioner again but I might try this shampoo again just to check to make sure it's not both doing the drying"
"I purchased this because I was having trouble finding the correct shade of Lancome Teint Idole Ultra. The shade I purchased was WAY too dark and make me look like an oompa loompa. But I lost my receipt and wasn't able to exchange it until I got my new state id. So I needed something for a few days. I saw a lot of positive reviews for this, so I decided to give it a try. I also had heard that it was a drugstore dupe for Makeup Forever Mat Velvet.I feel like the foundation was nothing but a huge waste of money. I honestly don't understand why this product has so many positive reviews. It's not the worst foundation I've ever used, but it's the third worst foundation I've ever used.I read all the previous reviews on this site, and saw that there are several reviews that state this is a full-coverage makeup. I disagree. In my opinion, it's sheer to light coverage. It's a long way from medium coverage, much less full coverage. I have a lot of bumps and redness on my face, especially on my chin, nose, and cheeks. I applied it using a brush. It literally did NOTHING to cover up the redness. Even after blending, you could still clearly see the redness through the makeup. It also settled into very bump on my face and made them stand out even more. It didn't do anything to blur or cover them.As far as being buildable, forget about it. When I tried to build it up in areas where I need a bit more coverage (especially on my cheeks) it looked (and felt) heavy and cakey. I've also tried Makeup Forever Mat Velvet, which is much more buildable, and looks a lot more natural. In my opinion, that makeup has nothing in common with this one. I do like the Mat Velvet, but it turned into a greasy, slimy mess in the areas where I'm most oily. So I quit using it.I can't really comment on the staying power of this foundation because I only had it on for about 10 minutes. I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing this out in public. If you have flawless skin and only need sheer to light coverage, you will probably love this makeup. But if you have any type of bump, scar, or flaws on your face, I would suggest avoiding this makeup. This has happened to me so many times with drugstore foundations. That is why I will stick with my Lancome Teint Idole Ultra. Yes, it's a lot more expensive, but it gives me the coverage, finish, and staying power I want. So to me, it's worth the extra money. I went to Sephora and got color matched in the Teint Idole Ultra and was FINALLY able to figure out the correct shade. So I will be sticking with that foundation. I would not repurchase this foundation and wouldn't use it even as a backup."
"Originally I had five stars for this shower back brush.  With the bike handle-bar tape wrap to increase size for gripping I loved the brush.  A few months ago the handle broke about half way up from the brush.  Because of that handle-bar tape it stayed together and I kept on using it.  A couple days ago it broke agains where the handle connects to the brush head.  Now it is useless and I am using the Yerba brush.The plastic should not break so I blame the plastic quality.  I could glue or expoxy but obviously it will break again.  I see there is another shower brush made out of bamboo.  For $10 I will order one to try and keep using the Yerba.  The Yerba head is heavy and cumbersom but it works.  I have the bike handle bar wrap on the Yerba too.  It is the best thing about these brushes, LOL  Maybe I can take the wrap off the Swissco.  Use it on Ecotools Bamboo shower brush.  That bike tape cost about $20 now, yikes, LOL  12yrs ago I paid $5?Bought this and Swissco. Lots like this one and Swissco makes quality combs so worth a try. Both have advantages and by comparison disadvantages.Yerba is well made with long handle that slide/wedges in brush head for use as hand brush or long handled back brush. I like it as a hand brush and prefer the Swissco for long handle, not removable, back brush.With long handle attached Yerba brush is awkward compared to Swissco. Yerba handle is thin and head is heavier and thicker making off center weight harder to handle than Swissco. Swissco brush head is thinner and lighter and softer. Quite a bit easier to push/pull across back with less twisting torque due to lighter thinner head. However Swissco long handle has smooth ROUND edges. Swissco wants to slip/pivot in hand due to those round edges. Bike handlebar tape? Or rubber on grip? I like using the Yerba head alone in hand for arms, chest, legs, but it is rougher than Swissco so press lightly and wait til skin toughens or bristles soften with use?If I had to choose one it would be Swissco even for $7 difference. Wood resists water less than plastic over time. Might try Earth Therapeutics SHORT BODY BRUSH for front and Swissco for back. Yerba is better as hand brush without handle. That twisting heavier heads is awkward on back. My hands are extra large and I am fairly strong disc golf player.With any brush after use when wet ALWAYS lay down horizontal with bristles pointing down not against a surface just open air. Sometimes that is no easy to do. Find a way. Very important to let the water and minor soap drain down and away from bristle attachment into head. Hanging vertical is not nearly as good even if easier to do. Or hang it anyway you want and buy brushes more often. My old brush alway hung correct lasting twenty plus years clean and strong. It is an old Fuller brand with nylon bristles too far apart for soap lathering IMHO."
I ignored the reviewers because I didn't see how a brush could do it but this brush makes my hair really greasy. I can't explain why but its awful. Definitely do not buy this.
"Okay, I admit this was one of those ""I'm a dork"" moments.  I should never have ordered something scented that I had never smelled - turned out that the fresh scent gave me a migraine. But that's just me & my problem.But I thought it was funny that when I looked to see if it was 'returnable,' I got this warning:""For safety reasons, items that are classified as hazardous materials or use flammable liquids or gases cannot be returned to Amazon.com. Customers should dispose of hazardous materials according to Local, State and Federal regulations. Customers should contact their local government or local waste company for directions on how to dispose of Household Hazardous Waste.""Haha.  Glad everyone else is happy with it."
I ordered these and never got them all because I think they require a signature. I had bought these for a friend with blonde hair - never got them . Better to buy in person.
"i have sparse eye brows and am sorry to say that this product does not work. i should have known it wouldn't, from the other reviews. there are natural vitamins that work much better than this. When i used this on my eye lashes, my eyes always ended up itchy and irritated and red the next day."
I am not too enthused about this product. I prefer Duo lash adhesive as this lash grip is not that good. It does not hold like Duo and it not as strong and I will not buy it again.
"streaky streaky streaky. Where it's not streaking it looks orange and clearly fake, then it takes a while to wash off. Disappointed :("
I love gel liners......this was not one of them.  The texture is thin and liner brush can not pick up the gel liner for application.  The colors are matte and unappealing.
"My son has eczema, and we are always looking for new products for his dry skin.  We were using Aveeno Baby until I saw this at our grocery store.  I thought I'd give it a try because it was cheaper than Aveeno.  It does not moisturize very well at all, and almost sits on the surface of his skin without soaking in.  I put it on and five minutes later it's like I didn't use anything.  I don't like using products with a bunch of parabens and toxins but this lotion is like using nothing at all compared to using the Aveeno or Burt's Bees, both which work great.  I will use it up but I will never buy it again."
"I chose this rating because the product does not work, at all. I was hoping to get a dryer that probably was not as good as Seche Vite but decent enough and wouldn't shrink my polish. I spray this stuff on and nothing. It does nothing at all. I wonder if maybe someone took the authentic labels and places it on fake bottles because I can't believe OPI would put their name on something like this. I tried on dry nail polish and I added a top coat, waited two minutes then sprayed. 10 minutes later the top coat was still, indeed, tacky. I would give this 0 stars. If possible please purchase either at Walmart, Target or even go to Sally's or Ulta. Only then can you say you have an authentic product. If it is authentic then shame on you OPI.PS: there is a light scent to this spray. Almost smells plastic with a light floral scent. Not sure how that stacks up against would could be the real product purchased elsewhere."
This stuff does NOTHING but make a mess. Did nothing to my skin. Total waste of money. Don't bother with this.
"I ordered this for the mango smell (fell in love with Philosophy's Mango&#8212;but none were in stock).  This was sickening sweet and smelled awful.  Thankfully, it is gone within moments of leaving the shower.  If you like the smell, it won't last.  If you do not like the smell, it will make for a miserable showering experience.  Oh, and it's filmy.  It takes a LOT of scrubbing to feel clean from using it.  I considered using a Brillo pad."
When i first started using this product it really helped to soften and tone my skin. for the first time in a long time my was even-toned. About 2months in it started to irritate and burn my skin so much i had to stop using it. Not sure what happened i was sure to use it with other MDforte products but had to give up on the regimen.
"The colors in this palette are very vivid both in pictures and on the website, however they do NOT go on this way. They lack pigment and are very dull and unattractive when they go on. I even used Urban Decay eye lid primer which can make even the cheapest of make up brands look decent... It didn't help. This makeup, in my opinion, has worse quality than Claire's. You get more color from running a crayola crayon over your eyelid. Very disappointed. I have passed this down to my little sister who uses it for dress up now."
"I was very excited to recieve this base coat.  I am attempting to grow my nails longer, now that I am getting older.  I would never purchase this product agaian. This base coat does not keep my polish on, and it creates not barrier for my darker polished. I put this on and then painted two top coats and my nails were still stained red from the polish.  I am very dissatisfied."
I have been using this for three months twice a day and it did nothing to me. My lashes are still falling out when I remove eye makeup. It neither strengthen nor lengthen my lashes. Very disappointing.
If u can rean Chinese then I guess this product might b ok.. U would think that if this country is selling to the us they would give directions in English .. What a scam..
"I can get the same results using commercial moisturizers - Cetaphil, Aquaphor, Euricin. Applies evenly like Cetaphil but leaves skin greasy to the touch minutes later. W-a-y to expensive for what it does. Also, leaves slight camphor smell."
"I have been a tarte user for years. I have always been pleased with their mascara, so I naturally wanted to try this one. I was so disappointed. The brush is two sided which is great in theory; one side is for general coverage and the other one is to coat individual lashes. Unfortunately, because this formula is clumsy and thick, it is difficult to tell which side of the brush is which. Also, my eyelashes stick together with this mascara. I have never had that happen before with a mascara, so it is not an application error on my part. This formula is messy in general. I love other tarte products, so I will stick with some of their other mascara for a clean, clump-free look."
"all of the items in this set are thick and bulky, especially the cuticle trimmer that you need to be thin enough to get close and cut hang nails, etc. Nice collection though and the case is nice too."
"The smell was too strong for me and it really didn't do much. I saw no growth after two months, even used as expected and I have a very strict hair regimen. oh well, guess it's not for everyone. i also have 4c hair type if it matters"
"I've been eyeing this mascara at the store for awhile, so was glad to see it come up in Vine. Thank goodness.....I have a troubled history with Cover Girl mascara, most of them just don't work for me very well. I'd hoped this would be different based on their ads---but no. Apparently I never learned the &#34;Cover Girl' lesson of never wearing it for the first time if I'll be somewhere that matters. I put this on before work the other day, and it was a REAL CHORE! That stubby little brush just can't cut it. The end was good for getting into the corners of your eyes and separating the lashes there---but the rest of it was so short it was hard to keep from poking myself in the eye. The formula of this mascara grows clumpy very quickly---and bonus? You get the Raggedy Ann spikes of black above your eyes from your lashes touching up there before it can dry. (if you have long lashes).About 5 hours after I put this stuff on, I had a chance to see myself in a mirror and was pretty ticked off---black smudges underneath my eyes! I didn't even put this on my lower lashes for cripe's sakes. Oh but it gets better. At night I use MAC cleansing oil to remove my makeup; this stuff does a great job of removing eye makeup. Normally. So I went to bed thinking I'd gotten it all off!The next morning when I got up, I looked like someone who had done the walk of shame out of some guy's apartment after being out all night. There were black smudges all under my eyes and around my eyes!!!! Talk about adding insult to injury. I think after this, I won't even be tempted to buy another Cover Girl mascara. Sorry---this is just about the last straw."
"Actually, the blue one is ok, but not good as I bought it before.This pink one is worse! I hate it! Looks dirty, and when you use it, would feel hurt! Really hurt!!!"
"This item while nice does not keep water warm at all, even if you add hot water it doesnt work that way. It will cool off in minutes therefore not the best option if it says to keep water warm it does not do that at all, so sad becasue thats the reason it was purchased. :("
"Don't buy this product, it's garbage.  I bought the entire &#34;package&#34; which cost over $80 when Sam's Club had this as a promotion."
"This is an ok product. Not as great as others make it out to be. It has a fine powder texture which I didn't mind, but the scubbing itself is what sucks! At least to me this product isn't gritty enough to leave my face feeling smooth like I like. I've used the C. Booth microdermabration green apple scrub and that stuff is awesome! I only bought this as an alternative to save a bit of money, and it turned out to be a waste. Will suck it up and use continue using it but I will not be buying it again."
"Great color!  Love how it looks on me, but it does NOT stay on at all.  The second you drink anything or eat something, you are reapplying.  I bought lipstain and it has worked significantly better for me.  Not worth your money."
I heard alot of hype using this product finally bought it and been using it over a few month period everyday I really didnt notice alot but for the most part its a silcone feeling serum almost like a foundation primer and it worked for me just as that it made the texture of my skin smooth just what a regular primer does anyways before I put on foundationwould I repurchase again? no theres other serums that will do more than this
"What a disappointment.Did nothing to strengthen nails.Polish chipped after half a day.Sadly, I have nothing good to say about this one."
"I recently purchased this product because I wanted something natural and good for my hair. I already am familiar with the amazing benefits of tea tree oil and thought I would give this a try since it's supposedly similar to Wen. I've used Wen in the past and honestly Wen is slightly better but too overpriced. I've used this product for about 3 weeks and honestly it's not that great at all. I can't go more than 1 day without washing my hair with this product otherwise my scalp becomes insanely itchy and oily, which is abnormal for me. I usually can go 2-3 days without washing with no problem other than slight oiliness. The first day I used the product, my hair seemed ok. The smell was fine, my hair felt somewhat soft, appeared shiny and sleeker but results only lasted 1 day. The next day my hair was oily, scalp itchy, and very dirty looking. I would not purchase this product again. Instead I've found Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Special which works loads better."
they did not came on the boxes ....the acrilic is cheap and stiky
"I always have at least 10-15 different liquid soaps in use in my shower or bathroom because I prefer to alternate body washes every day for a week or two.  I'm particularly partial to men's body washes because of the bold scent and the clean feeling I get after washing with them. I also love body washes that are strongly fragrant.  This body wash is definitely strongly fragrant but not in a good way.In general, I like or love many Caress body washes.  In fact, I currently am usingCaress Tahitian Renewal w/Exfoliating Pomegranate Body Wash, 18 fl oz(which I love) andCaress Body Wash, Sheer Twilight, 18 oz(which I like very much) so when this came up for review I was eager to try it.Before getting in the shower, I opened the cap to take a good whiff and noticed it has a very sweet fragrance that is almost sickly sweet but which I felt still smelled nice. I then showered with it.  It lathered up nicely and left me feeling clean.  However, in the shower the fragrance reminded me of bug spray and for that reason only I do not like this body wash and would never purchase it."
"I purchased this unit and was so excited about the effectiveness of the heated clips pairing with the heated rollers. The clips don't hold the roller in place. I have medium/long hair and couldn't do anything to stop the rollers that I did on the top of my head from flopping around. Also, the clips left funny dents in my hair."
This product is ok if you are placing the gel over a solid nail polish color or a clear color. The sparkles kind of make the polish look like it is made for a young girl to wear.
"First, let me be quite clear and state that I have never tried this.  I am actually quite shocked that anyone would try this considering how much it costs.  However, I really would like to suggest that before anyone purchase this product, that they read the ingredient list and research every single ingredient and see what each is capable of doing and what benefit each ingredient has to offer.  I will save you the time and let you know that not a single ingredient in this product is capable of doing anything but moisturize the skin. If you are so compelled to try this product anyway then go ahead and throw your money away...allow yourself to be victimized by another cosmetic predator.  Remember, you have been warned!"
"I should've listened to other reviewers.The edges are too sharp to work with, and the images are too small for the whole nail.Luckily I didn't have to spend a lot of money on this, I didn't care to toss all out in the garbage.Save your hard earned money on this and buy either cheeky's or bundle monsters.Trust me because I spend hundreds of dollors on plates oby Konad, BM, Cheeky's and this."
this has parabens in it. that is really too bad as it was a nice product otherwise. won't purchase again.
"I think this product has been over-hyped. I had seen it on nearly every natural hair site I checked out. When I got a chance to splurge and try it, I was sooooo disappointed. I still have almost a full bottle in the bottom of my basket of products. It's okay as a leave-in/detangler, but it's just not worthy of the price or hype. It left a residue in my hair and did nothing positive as far as I could see. I get better detangling results with a really good rinse-out conditioner (like Aussie Moist)."
"I didn't care for the Olay Cleansing Brush so I doubt very seriously if I will ever even use these brushes.  I bought them just in case I did like the cleansing brush but I didn't, so that's that!"
"I actually ordered this off the E.L.F. website and was excited to try it.  I put the highlighter on first and it hardly showed up on my skin.  It was really thin and watery and wore off after about 5 seconds.  The concealer part was way too light for me but once I applied it, it was virtually invisible.  It was also watery and thin and came off almost immediately after I applied it.  Not even worth the cheap price."
"I saw no benefit from this product but others that I know personally have seen great benefit. Oh well, can't work great for every one!"
"Yes, it gets your makeup off. But so would a wash cloth. The brush head is not really exfoliating, and if you have dry skin that peels or flakes off, this won't do anything to help that. It does lather up your normal face wash, and I guess it is a hands-free way to wash your face, but other than that I don't really see anything special. The dry spots on my face still get little peelies, my pores at the same, my skin looks the same, everything is the same except I paid a ton more money for this little device. The charge on it is also really minimal, no way you can use it more than twice without having to recharge the batteries. The charging also takes forever, you can't plug it in an hour before you want to use it and expect it to turn on and work for you. You also can't use it while it is connected to the charged, so you are just SOL."
"I've been using Redkin products a while and decided to try Yes To Carrots while trying to find a paraben free soap for my hair. This conditioner is a step up from the cheap brands but if very terrible compared to the high end brands such as Redkin. It weighed my now non-colored hair down so bad and the amount of alcohol used in this made my skin issues flare up within 30 minutes of using. It feels very cheaply made.Take note. This is not all organic, it's not entirely paraben free, and it has a ton of fragrance in it. Not good for sensitive skin. ( Wich is my fault for not looking at that detail. )This product is super cheap, you get what you pay for."
"Have come to the conclusion, it really did nothing for my lashes or brows.It also became an irritant the longer I tried using it.Believe I gave it a fair trial but could not recommend this product and would not purchase it in the future."
This cream is worthless. I feel nothing after putting it on and it claims to have the &#34;highest levels of glycolic acid available with out a prescription.&#34; I was using the Reviva Labs 10% Glycolic Acid Cream and Love it but wanted something a little stronger that I could use during the day. I know you are not supposed to put acids on if you will be in the sun but I am indoors often with my baby.Anyways this cream has done nothing for me wish I could return it. If you want a noticeable change in your skin try the Reviva Labs 10% Glycolic Acid Cream. It is wayyy stronger but not crazy strong where it burns you. And after putting it on I can see/ feel a difference.
it is just way too much. the smell is overpowering and just does not smell good at all. I got a headache the minute I spelt it. wow.
"This hair serum does nothing for my hair. It's just like putting Crisco on my hair. It's the same texture as Crisco oil and since I am not cooking, it was a waste of money. I have relaxed hair and perhaps it's not for my type of hair."
"This burned my face.  I use EltaMD chemical sunscreens, but the Kiss My Face burned my face.  I used it on my hands, and it was ok, but smelled funny.  Also, I think it's weird that the tube does not come with any seal whatsoever."
For my age I have horrible puffiness under eyes and dark circles and after the glowing reviews I decided to give it a goIt wasn't for me .. My eyes turned red an puffy and they really burned I assumed I'm allergic to whatever is I. It. I sent customer service a message and without questions asked I got a full refund so thank you!
I was disappointed with this conditioner.  I periodically try a new product.  The Coppola Vanilla Bean Deep Conditioner has keratin in it and is a great detangler.  This conditioner is not a good detangler.
"I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AFTER READING A;LL THE GREAT REVIEWS ON AMAZON. I PURCHASED IT MAINLY FOR MY DRY HANDS. IT SEEMS TOO WAXY, AND ITS HARD TO USE JUST A LITTLE OF IT TO SEE ANY RESULTS, I WOULD NT BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN--ILL STICK WITH MY PONDS CREAM."
"This had great reviews so I bought several and now I realize I shouldn't have.  It didn't help my eyelashes at all.  Some products bother my eyes.  Although this did nothing for my eyelashes, it didn't hurt my eyes or eyelashes either..."
"I have dry, thick, straight hair that frizzes after it's been washed and dried.  Usually, I put a gel or cream on my hair to calm the frizziness.  As a conditioner, it combs through my hair nicely and washes out well.  There's no after smell, like some conditioners.  However, it just does not calm the frizziness of my hair.  In fact, I would honestly have to say that my hair has far more fly away strands after the use of this conditioner then it does when I use other conditioners that do not make the same claim.  My hair feels very clean afterwards, and not limp like heavy conditioners can leave it.  But, since I tried this to tame my frizzies, I can't give it more than 2 stars because it just does not do what it claims."
"After using it for a few weeks, it caused a pretty bad allergic reaction. My eyes got swollen and super red.  As for the result of diminishing the appearance of wrinkles, I did not notice any difference.... maybe one month is not enough to see results (since it caused an allergic reaction, I had to stop using it)."
This is probably the first product that I really have to say I didn't like.I have had the gel peels and I thought this was like it.  I felt like I was rubbing my face off and it didn't leave my skin refreshed or even remove much of the dry skin.  I don't have much dry skin but I did on my forehead and it didn't remove it more than a regular scrub would. And I have micro scrubs that are soooo much better.  Sorry Guys'I would return it but I can't be bothered.
This was the first item I ordered and I have received my other item I ordered after this one. I would like to know where my item is.
quality of product is horrible. VERY SLOW shipping. overall product did not work and ended up being tossed in the garbage. sorry I wasted my money..
"Im a great fan of all kerastase hair products and normally almost all of them are awesome. This is just regular, not so intensive, i could definitely get a better kerastase product for this money, not worth it."
"I didn't expect this product to fix the dark circles under my eyes but wanted to help the puffy and baggy-eyes feeling. It did feel nice at first, although I couldn't tell if it was really reducing the puffiness, but I would sometimes have trouble with the roller ball to work properly so I would be there trying to rub the delicate skin under my eyes over and over and over again. I would even try to rub it on my hand to get the product to come out and it was still too much trouble. I stopped using it for a couple of months becuase I got tired of the roller ball problem since it was happening all the time.  Then when I finally decided to use it again, it stung my skin!  And I mean really hurt where I made a mental note to post a review because I don't know if it was just me or if others experienced this problem too.Overall, it feels nice and cool at first, I couldn't tell if it was really helping any puffiness, but the roller ball is problematic and doesn't function properly.  At least the one I purchased didn't.."
This body wash was a major disappointment. Reminded me of dish washing liquid. I would pass this up and spend a few more dollars on well known name brands that can deliver.Katiebabs
To be fair I used this for almost a month before I wrote my review and I can definitely say this is no miracle elixir. It didn't even work for me.The bottle is fairly small and very expensive. It says to add about 2 drops from the included dropper but when I do that it barely covered my head so I had to end up using a few more drops. Still no noticeable difference even after using it after using the shampoo and conditioner.It does smell good but for this price I wanted to see results and I didn't.
"It DID lighten my hereditary dark circles after the first use.  However, it also caused a rash which I'm still trying to recover from (and it's been over two weeks since I've used it!).  Now I've got dark circles AND red itchy patches beneath my eyes - definitely not fun!!Note:  Prior to using this product, I didn't consider myself to have &#34;sensitive skin&#34;....so use with caution!"
It seems like an ordinary hair gel to me. Nothing special. Not even a volume on my hair. It's trash.
"I cannot get the Rhrinestones out! It is so frustrating, I even tried to open it with my teeth, to no avail!"
"I have used L'Oreal products before and I have been very satisfied until I used this.I find the cream to be thick, dry and almost coarse like(Don't know if my tube are old stock). On application I find it too heavy and my skin couldn't breath. I did not my skin look any better or improvement using this product. I personally would not recommend this."
No significant difference at all. Very unpappy with results. Have used product well over 8 times with nothing. Actually my skin became a little worse. Very unhappy.
"It's extremely greasy, never dries, goes off when you sweat, it's very thick and worst of all, it's an absolute horror to apply. It's too thick which makes it impossible not to look streaky (I've been using self-tanners for years and know how they're used). The more you attempt to fix it the more streaky it becomes. The only good thing about this lotion is that it makes you darker than most self-tanners, and also less orange (more of a natural tanned color). I would not buy this again. it's also worth to notice that the same lotion costs half the price in the local grocery store :P  And also: do not apply without using latex gloves, or your hands will look orange for days..."
"I really wanted to like this shampoo.  When I first bought it I thought that it smelled absolutely heavenly and I liked that it was sulfate free.  However I noticed over time (I use this shampoo usually once a week, and a different shampoo the rest of the week)that after using this shampoo my hair was as dry as straw.  Also about 5 weeks after buying the shampoo it started to smell rancid, really gross so I ended up dumping what was left (half a bottle) down the drain.  I had also bought the matching conditioner but had to ditch it as well as it did not moisturize my hair at all.  So after this I've determined that I'll not be buying anything else made by Burt's Bees.  I'd really love to be able to use natural products on my hair but all of those that I've tried have been so drying and harsh that I'll stick with drugstore brands."
This is the first sleep mask I tried. It doesn't block out all light - can see light through bottom.  And I can feel it on my head which doesn't help me sleep.
I time use. It did not keep all BRASS out of hair.  Still had to use another product.  Seriously this is ONE tiny square pouch. I thought would be a box of 4 at least for price.  But it's ONE!!!
"Its okay, I think that I would think twice again for paying almost $6 for 4 pieces of plastic eyebrow shapes, that I could honestly just cut off from the internet.... Not worth the price AND the shipping...."
"I liked the smell well enough, but found that this product leaves my hands dry. It's OK for occasional washing, but not as often as I use the ones at home. I got a 3-pack and brought it to work for our kitchen, and no one seems to be complaining. If you are only using it once or twice a day, I think it's OK."
"There are other clear mascaras that work. This was too watery, causing it to not hold lashes as well as other brands. Would not purchase again."
"Dermagen patches adhere and re-adhere as advertised, and I love them except for the shapes (triangle). This set comes in 3 different sizes. I can only use large triangle between my brows, the other two are very small.  Even medium one is too narrow, and doesn't restrict muscle movement which is exactly what you are looking for - not to be able to frown! They are also soft and pliable. I find that inflexible frownies are much better particularly for those deep furrows between the eyebrows. I will have to double them up, not a good deal at this point even if they were $5. I don't have problems reusing them several times so that's the plus. The smallest triangle is too small for anything but can be used on pimples. These do reduce  blemishes overnight.I have purchased Dermagen's new Expression set (triangle), it's more expensive, contains more patches but they are all the same size as these. Big mistake!! I will keep buying and using crescent shapes, but won't be ordering triangle sets unless the seller redesigns (the shape of a medium triangle is perfect, it needs to be 1/2  larger and firmer). I would not recommended these."
"I mixed this product with my moisturizer and it had absolutely no results in improving my skin's quality. I even used it separately in its serum form and it still was ineffective. If you want an even skin tone with a better skin quality (i.e., smaller pores, no dark spots, etc.) I recommend the following products:10% Alpha Hydroxy Lotion70% Glycolic Acid SerumSt. Ives Body Scrub"
Infinite skin makes a great acne cleanser that I love so I tried this product. It is nothing like the other one and I ended up throwing it away.
I saw no magic on this one.  I wanted it to work because of all the hype of this product but it did not do much.  Yes it feels like a nice primer but there were bits of sparklyness which I didn't get.  I now use the body shop's vitamin c booster which I feel is magic.  Price is much higher but I feel it was worth it.  This product just didn't do it for me.  Price is good so you might as well give a try!
"Well...I ordered this to augment my face-washing regimen since the other one was not working the way I expected it.  Well, I don't find that it works.  You have to use a great deal to get the warming effect, which is very sticky.  You have to use a great deal of water to get the warming effect, which dries quickly and becomes very sticky.  You can't use too much water at one time otherwise it will wash it off your face.  But even so, it's still hard to get off your face.  I tried doing it with just my fingers, with the Pro-X brush and the Pro-X exfoliating head.  It worked best with the brush to create the warming sensation.  Even so, I have noticed zero difference in my face and am getting broken out again.  I'm probably going to ask for my money back, which Olay will do if you request it."
"I really wanted to like this color. I bought it to use with my UV light for when I do a french manicure. It has a very subtle sparkle to it, but it's verrrrry light. I also found that after about 2 days of wearing it, it got a dingy, yellow-ish tone to it. I was looking for a natural pink that I've gotten at the salons during a pink and white manicure, and this did not meet the mark. I've also tried it solo, but it takes about 3 coats before you can even see it on my skin tone. Unfortunately, this one won't get a lot of use from me."
"If you have Caucasian (or Indian, in my case) hair, this product will probably make your hair greasy. I cowash frequently with regular conditioner and I thought I'd try out a product specifically for cowashing. This stuff just made my scalp greasy and my and my ends dry. I'm going back to regular conditioner."
I was pretty excited to get these. I thought they would be small. And I wouldn't be using as much acetone since it was in a concentrated little area. Well I got them and they are pretty big. I have to use quiet a bit of acetone to fill them to where my whole nail is in there. It's a good idea in theory but it's not for me.
"Created nice, big, long lashes, but definitely not for contact lens wearers. Smudged into my contact, and it would not come off with repeated rubbing with contact solution. Definitely not worth replacing two week wear contacts every few days."
"don't get the thick lashes, they look horrible, too short and stubby. Go more natural and get reg. lashes or thinner. or then use a lil eye liner. good price for 20 lashes, than buying one pair for 5 bucks!"
"I was pretty disappointed in this product. I really felt like it didn't do anything for me. The smell was okay, not great but not terrible. I put it in and my hair seemed pretty similar to if I had no product in at all. I have long, thick , wavy hair and it didn't help my waves and I still had frizz. This is compared to a different, similar product which put my hair into nicer waves. Maybe for some people's hair it does something, but I just didn't notice much of a difference for me."
"the rhinestones has very pretty colors..... What came in it! The color wheel was virtually empty! If i use One color it would not be enough to make certain designs in not even two nails! Very upset about that cause I was looking forward to using them.  The Silver one was full, different shapes,  not opaque but so tiny, not small, but TINY... I'm just not happy with this particular products,  my personal opinion."
"at first try, I put this on my hand and it gave a glowing luminous look.  Then I put it on and my make up completely covered any hint of ""glow"" Also, when I went to pull the plastic cap off, the entire top came out getting primer all over me, my make up bag and my sink so the packaging could also be better.I used this on my cheeks and under eye and my make up was falling off..."
"for something of this price range, the smell lasts. But the smell is not I am crazy about. Wont buy it again..."
"Placed my order November 5, 2013. Delivery window was Dec. 3-19, 2013. NEVER RECEIVED IT. I patiently waited until last minute of the last day stated on order and NOTHING. I emailed seller, but I will assume I will not get a response since others stated the same. Thankfully I only paid $1.97 for my item and I purchased other items as a Christmas gift for this family member, so no major loss although I was excited for it. I will be putting in a claim shortly so Amazon stops all accounts with this seller. Poor business. Beware. Gave it one star because I had to put something up."
The wax paper sheets are extremely thin so you end up using 2 or 3 at a time. Because the sheets are so thin they can only absorb so much oil so you blot more often than usual. Not worth your time or money.
"I don't really know, maybe i didn't purchase a color light enough but i just don't like how it looks."
"The serum is a light-weight lotion type serum - different from my favorite Body Shop serum which is more like a gel. It may be applied under moisturizer or worn by itself. The scent is not particularly pleasant. In fact, I once used Avalon's Vitamin C Mosturizer and now I remember why I didn't purchase it again: the scent! It reminds me of the smell of rotting oranges on the ground. It's more of a pungent orange scent, sort of like the scent of an orange peel after you zest it, and not the pleasant smell of the fruit of an orange.Overall, this is a decent serum. I like the lightweight feel and it does seem to improve the tone of my skin. But I much prefer a gel-based serum such as the Body Shop's since gel smooths out the skin much better than this light-weight lotion. But if you're looking for a light moisturizer, Vitamin C Vitality Facial Serum is certainly acceptable as it does provide some moisture and improves the look of my skin.The pump bottle is okay - does take quite a few pumps to get anything to come out.The big turn-off though, is the scent. I really wish that this had a fresher citrus scent. It would make it much appealing to use."
The brushes work okay. I don't really use any of them except for the foundation brush. I like that it was affordable but I don't use more than half the brushes because they're not that great. ECO-TOOLS has an absolutely amazing blush brush as well as angled brush. The bristles are really soft and not irritating at all. They also do not shed. I prefer eco-tools over this. They're a little more expensive but still very affordable.
"I use toner on my face nightly and I ordered this specifically for that purpose... And I really wish I hadn't.After 2 swipes across my face, the square started totally falling apart. It ripped apart so easily that at first I thought I was using them wrong and they're SUPPOSED to come apart (they're not). They also leave little pieces of cotton all over your face, which is obviously very annoying.They might be okay for little things, like nail polish or eye makeup removing, but they're so weak I really doubt they'll hold together through much. I would definitely not recommend.The only thing I liked about this purchase was that Prime free shipping was available, because that's uncommon for products under $5"
"I am very upset about the order I received, which was not the the same Tate's shampoo bottle shown above. Then to make matters worse, the shampoo did not have the Natural Miracle Shampoo signature scent of almonds. This stuff smelled like cheap baby shampoo with a heavy powdery scent.Next I went to Tate's family website and contacted them by email and phone. I received a call back and was told that they only make their shampoo with the almond scent.I then called Amazon Customer Service and the rep was able to help me. She emailed me a return label, refunded the purchase price and told me she would make the warehouse and shipping dept. aware of the problem. And that I could call back in two weeks and check to see how it was resolved.I have used Tate's shampoo for years want to make sure that I get the product that I ordered, as well as others."
"I love the price but I haven't been so happy with this product.I was taken aback when I first opened the case and they looked NOTHINGlike the product photo and instead took on an almost gold-like color--I have black hair and expected for the bobby pins to be an extreme dark brown,boy was I fooled!Also, these bobby pins are not sturdy at all! I had a hard time styling my hair with thembecause as I tried to pin my hair in place with one hand, my hair style was falling undonein the other because the pins refused to open!Overall, not pleased with the color or quality of this product!"
The shadows are kind of muddy and the blush is really easy to break the mascara was dry as a bone the lip stick was ok nice concept wish it were executed better
This stuff is so gunky and just awful. It does not really work. My hair is actually in worse shape after I use it. And smells so strongly of pineapple that it's off-putting. Pass.
"Save yourself time and go to the dollar store, buy a bag of sponges and cut them down; like I did after I got these."
"Rather than leaving my hair softer and more manageable (which is a conditioner's most basic function), this conditioner left a noticeable, waxy residue in my hair. I wonder if this gross waxy film is what makes your hair feel ""thicker and fuller"". It does not glide on to hair very smoothly and smells like Pine Sol. Major disappointment. I won't be ordering this again and I would hesitate to try any other hair products offered by this company."
"I typically love this product. However, when I received this stick, the product had metled and re-hardend; rendering it impossible to use. The product just flakes out of the tube."
"Maybe you need longer eyelashes than I have but this just did not work for me.  The manual wasn't much help and I found the curler hard to manage.  It does heat quickly but seemed a bit dangerous to have around eyes.  I suppose if you're obsessed with your eyes looking perfect and have long lashes alreay, this might be just the ticket.  But for me, it's a bust."
"Motions at home Oil Moisturizer LotionThe bottle spilled some of the contents in the packaging, and I could smell the scent of the moisturizer. It is very overpowering and smells too sweet. The lotion is extremely greasy and oily. I found that it wasn't effective in keeping my hair soft and silky. I'd recommend L'Oreal's EverSleek leave-in conditioner which smells better and works longer.Overall: 2/5 stars, I found the scent to be overpowering and overly sweet. The greasy consistency didn't appeal to me."
"Since I fell in love with Lotion by Nubian Heritage, I wanted to try their soap.  I only tried it on my face and it made my face feel very dry...it wasn't what I was expecting at all.  I was looking for soft and supple but got hard and dry instead.  I don't think I will try this on my body since it left my face dry as the desert.  I did not like this soap at all and I do not recommend it because no one wants dry, ashy skin."
I would not recommend anyone to buy this pen for nail art.  It never dry up and it's the worst pen ever
This product is literally a tiny stand with a woman's hair clip at the top. The item came damaged with black marks on it and the product itself doesn't even work! It falls over and does not hold up ANY nail polish bottles i have .. even the lightest ones! And the clip does not move up and down like it was suppose to it is stationary. Very disappointed.
"I use a similar brush, and figured I'd give this one a try.  If you want really straight hair just from a blow dry, this is the brush for you.  But it also really fried my hair.I have long, wavy hair.  I use an Ionizing brush to straighten my hair normally.  This brush has a coated metal barrel that heats up while applying a blow dryer to it.  So obviously it gets hot.  However, it left my hair lank and lacking volume, and somehow frizzier than my regular drying brush.  I let my hair dry naturally whenever I can, but prefer a smoother look for work and when I know I'm going somewhere and want to look neater.  This brush frustrated me, since I felt like it really just damaged my hair and didn't do much for the style.  There are better brushes out there that don't get as crazy hot and help your hair look shinier and healthier.I'd say skip this brush, and look around for something a little more gentle.  I really feel this brush is way too harsh for any hair."
"It has never been used as I do not know what to do with it.I use nair for faces for my eyebrows,lip and peach fuzz."
"WEN is loaded with silicones.  So if you want your hair to be weighed down after using it for long periods of time WITHOUT using any other type of shampoo or conditioner, then this is for you.  I don't mind using WEN once in awhile, but I did the months on end trial with WEN and my hair looked like total hell.  I love the smell of Coconut Mango, but I use it sparingly."
"This does not smell anything remotely like Dragon's Blood.  Dragon's Blood smells sweet and musky.This soap smells like Cedar, Myrrh, Copal, and Benzoin.  Awful for women.  It would be better for a man."
"Messy.this spray comes off easily after it dries without even washing it! I can see it on my hands after running my fingers through my hair, on the ears, and even comes off after sleeping with it in. The good news is that it does cover most of the grey after spraying. I know this because I have alot of grey hair on the sides. If you want a quick fix for an evening out then its for you. If you're looking for it to stay in longer than 12 hours then dream on, i'm not impressed at all with it."
"The name shouts the word ""organic"" doesn't mean that the product is truly organic. The shampoo contains paraben, which is carcinogenic, and SLS, which is a skin irritant and a probable carcinogen. Due to lack of regulation on organic or green commercial products, it's quite easy for manufacturers to greenwash their products and mislead consumers. We'll just have to watch out for ourselves!"
"I have very light blonde hair with lots of highlights throughout. Not naturally of course lol. Nonetheless, I purchased this to use here and there as a &#34;pick me up&#34; for my color for in between root touch ups, and I hate to say it but it did nothing really for my color. It was kind of drying on my locks too. I had high hopes. Maybe my hair has been colored so much that it doesn't want to bring it up or brighten it, who knows. Oh well. I may try a few more times being that its sitting in my shower. I would definitely recommend doing a coconut oil or rosemary oil conditioning treatment after tho, as it is pretty drying on pre bleached/lightened damaged hair. Good luck!"
"Please don't be fool by the picture of the hair like i was. I have never wrote a review but for this product I will. The package sent to me was damaged, the whole box. The hair inside the box is not even a full pack. It look like they took a regular bag and separated it into the other bags of hair. Just go to your local beauty store or Sally."
I really wanted to love this scrub but it was very oily and too much liquid in the container.  I hoped it would be a drier scrub.
"I've bought the eyeliner recently. In general , I love Revlon, in fact, it's one of my favourite brands ,but this eyeliner is extremely disappointing.It's not waterproof at all and it doesn't stay on waterline even for 10 minutes! I'm very frustrated, it doesn't worth 9 $. I ,definitely, don't recommend it!"
"I've seen reviews where advice is given on using this on your hair especially one in particular from someone who says they have African American hair which I find hard to swallow because my hair is curly but not tight curls has some silk to it and my hair still feels like straw after using this product.  Stick to skin care on this one... DO NOT USE ON YOUR HAIR, YOU'LL BE SORRY!!! One star because i'm reviewing this on hair use, 4 stars if I were reviewing on skin care.  It stings a bit so hopefully that means that it's working, will review for skin at a later time."
"the workmanship of this product is terrible! there are so many flaws about this product, that i can name out. smh... in the picture it looks so nice and sturdy but in reality it is far from that. plus, the feet don't stand properly when a wig is rested on it. after waiting so long for this product, i am truly disappointed. GOOD THING NOT CHEAP AND CHEAP THINGS NOT GOOD!!!!!!!!"
I bought this eyelines because it was highly recommended but mine came opened and was smeared with the product all inside the cap :/It was a horrible mess I actually decided to just deal with (which i now regret):( Horrible online purchase! In stores is way better!
Being that this is just an accelerator it is just white so no bronzers. Its not a very smooth lotion and the smell is kind of weird like chemicals but not very strong at all which is nice so after you tan its still not strong. And I was just looking for something to give me a good base tan becase im not very dark so I could work my way up to bronzers without looking orange. But I dont really feel like this did anything.
"Let me start off by saying that they gave me a nice variety (with a few repeats) and they also included the slicing tool. Moving on to what I don't like and find inexcusable. These people say you get a 100 fimos but what they don't tell you is that they cut the original cane in half. So they are basically giving you half a product but making you pay full price. I buy fimos from both amazon and eBay and know what the canes should look like so when these came in the mail I knew I wasn't getting my money's worth. Need proof? I'm uploading pictures of fimos I've bought from both amazon and ebay and showing you how they should look but don't. To be honest I slice half of my canes to give to my friends, not the other way around. How would you feel if you payed for a full cup of coffee and only got half? This isn't worth returning since they took around 3-4 weeks to get to me but I won't be doing business with people who do this to their customers.P.S. I got these from the seller ""Good&Idea;"" and they came in a zip lock bag without the ""Mash"" logo."
"In my opinion, there are other products on the market that can do what this product claims to do.  I found it to be nothing special. It was too oily for my hair, and did just o.k for my skin.  I didn't feel the need to keep purchasing this product."
I am glad that i bought these since this was a test run to see if i could get my nails looking nice before going for the pricer IBD gel. only the white would cure. The other two did nothing but make a mess. Even though you could get the nails to look nice they seemed to crack off within 1-4 hours. I don't think i will be buying this product again. The shipping was slow but i knew that going in it took about a month to get to the USA.
"I got this for the brown veriations, I was thinking it was powder base, its not, its oil base, feels like clown makeup. Comes with no application brush or pad of any sort so if you get this make sure you get something to apply it to your self. The deep brown does real good as a liner for eyes and eye brows with a fine tip brush."
"Zia Natural Skincare is owned by Hain, the natural foods company, and prides itself on offering ""high quality products using synergistic blends of premium, natural ingredients"". Bamboo extract, lemon oil, rice bran oil, and yucca extract are among the active ingredients in this Zia Skin Basics Bamboo Exfoliant. Also in the mix are vitamin E and ylang ylang, a fragrant flower believed to normalize sebum production. The Bamboo exfoliates. The rice bran is supposed to stimulate cellular turnover, while the other oils sooth and clarify skin.This facial scrub has medium-sized scrubbing grains. It's light green in color and smells of lemon. Massage the scrub into wet skin, then rinse. I have used a lot of facial scrubs, because they are less irritating to my sensitive skin than facial masks. I find that scrubs are at least as effective as chemicals, if not moreso, in removing dead skin and oil deposits. But this Zia scrub is needlessly harsh. Don't over-scrub! It may abrade the skin. And this formula leaves my skin feeling oddly tight.Fine-grained, gentle scrubs are every bit as effective as harsh, larger-grained scrubs. My favorite was a now-discontinued, nearly smooth scrub based on powdered milk and cornmeal. Fine-grained scrubs tend to be more expensive, but you get what you pay for. There are a few medium-grained scrubs that I like, however. The shape of the grains makes all the difference. Smooth beads are relatively non-irritating. But the grains in this Zia Bamboo Exfoliant are downright sharp. It leaves my skin red for half an hour. It's too harsh for sensitive skin and unnecessarily harsh for any skin."
I love the adult Seki nail clippers and was disappointed in these. I thought they would be wonderful but had problems getting them to go over the nail.
"I am one of the very few unlucky ones!I had used Proactiv for about 15 years; it had not worked perfectly but quite well, but I thought Obagi's being stronger would be even better and my goal was to be able to use non-white sheets and towels! I first switched the scrub and toner with the Obagi Pore Therapy and Daily Care Foaming Cleanser. But that wasn't enough, so I added the Obagi Benzoyl Peroxide Therapeutic Lotion to my regimen. About 6 weeks after starting Obagi, my chin started developing several large, painful, cystic acne bumps - which I do have on occasion but only one at a time and usually go away within 2-7 days. But on Obagi, when one started resolving, another would pop up. On the two occasions I thought I would prevent a blackhead from turning into one, whoops, I caused a broad underlying one to erupt. I also had two large ones pop up by the side of my nose at two different times - they went away more quickly but were still a nuisance. I stopped wearing sunglasses just not to aggravate them or encourage more.I didn't know to blame Obagi as it had been more than a month since I'd switched. I went to the dermatologist who injected cortizone into the big ones - this was not a sure-fire cure - some still got bigger and I continued to get a few more - and prescribed Benzaclin and oral antibiotics. After a month on the antibiotic, things were much better but still erupting. Then it occurred to me that perhaps it had been the Obagi. I bought more Proactiv, stopped the Obagi and everything the dermatologist had prescribed including oral antibiotics, and within a week or two, things were better. It took over a month for things to go back to before I'd used Obagi except for a few dark skin spots. There are still some darkened spots - but minor - 2.5 months after I stopped.I think for me, the salicylic acid's shrinking of the pores actually traps bacteria in them. I got more black heads with the Pore Cleanser even before the eruptions started. And I can't explain why the Benz. Perox. didn't work, but perhaps my skin simply needs a Benz. Perox. scrub like Proactiv's to clean the pores.Feel free to try this system because it seems to work for the vast majority of people, but note that if bad things start happening, don't blame your hormones and aging. It may simply be that this system doesn't work for you! I am very relieved it was just a bad product choice and not me!"
"My hair type is 4A natural kinky/curly and I mostly wet bun or blow out and flat iron, occasionally I will wear it curly as a wash and go. When I do use heat, I prefer for it to be administered in the most efficient way to prevent any additional damage and stress to my hair. So I don't use cheap styling appliances. I am looking for a replacement to my JRS Superstar Flat Iron, which recently died and the others are on backorder. I have used excellent flat irons in the past (T3, CHI, Sedu, Solano, GHD, FHI), never cheap or drugstore quality. and expect that over time my hair doesn't fry, it doesn't poof up immediately after, and it doesn't take multiple passes to straighten my hair. This flat iron gave a smooth finish initially, but walking around the house all of my straightness and and style was lost and it began to turn to frizz. This is unacceptable for the price point of this flat iron. In my opinion,  the T3 leaves a healthier sheen and is better for your hair in the long term for a much lower cost. Unfortunately I can't recommend."
"This stuff is pure shea. After trial and error with different brands, I finally know what pure Shea is.It's soft, an ivory to off beige color, with a strong nutty scent. It melts upon contact with skin.I absolutely love using it in mixes with cocoa butter, olive, and coconut oil for a body butter in winter. I also use this same mix as a sealant on hair, but I will discontinue that soon since I already use a heavy leave in cream for hair.16 ounces lasted me one year. I purchase from coastal scents website in November during their 50% off sales, making the butter around $5 for one pound. For me it's more cost effective to buy it this way every year, especially since I only use shea butter in winter.I would recommend this particular shea butter for anyone who wants real and pure shea with no gimmicks.UPDATE from 5 stars to 1 starAs of 3/2014, the company no longer sells 1 pound bags. They now sell 10 ounce jars of their shea butter for a higher price than the 1 pound bags were. Unacceptable to me. And the next size up is 5 pounds for about $40 on their website. I'm the only person who uses this and buying 5 years worth of shea butter in bulk is not cost effective and is a waste of product. Looking for a new company to purchase from."
"This is the worst shampoo I have used in my entire life.  It doesn't moisturize my hair at all and its really hard to wash it all out of my hair because its the consistancy of glue.  I really wanted something that would be luxurious for my hair and make it really soft, and well this isn't it.  I should have just bought the Alterna I had used before instead of wasting my money."
After reading the reviews I was hoping it would help my redness out aswell. I have very sensitive skin. When using this I noticed my face would break out alot more. & after applying my face felt tight & dryed out. Now i'm currently using Eucerin products & it works wonders!
"This review is actually not about the foundation per se, but the color I received. It just came wrong. I know I ordered it right, there is no way I would order a &#34;Buff&#34; color for my skin tone, but, that's what I got, so I can't really say much because it does not go with my skin tone at all"
Thought it would be better--Wore out fast. I would recommend spending a little more for a better and longer lasting brush.
"I mostly like Neutrogena brand items. However, this does not adequately moisturize my skin.  I now mix it with my Cerave moisturizer to get the SPF benefits and not waste my money. This also has a fragrance that gives me a slight headache."
"I was hopeful in this product when I ordered it. However, it does not work. If anyone out there reading this thinks I am doing something wrong because they love it, then please let me know."
Makes my hair sticky and my curling iron gets stuck in my hair.  Does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch.
"I was expecting something much better from reading all the reviews.  This stuff is as thin as water and it took me about 10 pumps to cover my thick hair.  As far as giving you softness goes... wow, I haven't found anything better. But I don't  just need softness, I need SHINE and health. I didn't find this doing anything else except give my hair a soft feel once it was applied. I think for people with relatively normal hair, this would be a good option - I do not have normal hair though, I have very thick, coarse, unruly hair that needs something more.UPDATE: I straightened my hair with this the other day, and even though it stated ""high heat protection,"" my ends were burned to a CRISP! I had listed this review at 2 stars but now I'm moving it down to 1. There is no excuse for this, now I have to go cut off more than an inch of my hair all because this product did not work as advertised! Use at your own risk!"
I bought this around Jan 1 2013 to even my skin tone - dark spots and freckles as I am Irish. I have used it faithfully every morning and evening and have not been in the sun at all. I have seen no difference to date after 7 weeks. It moisturizes well though and did not make me break out.
"I bought the Midnight blue to help off set the redness of my eyes from allergies. The plan was to use it for my waterline. I'm going to try to soften the bristles on the angle brush but so far it's too scratchy to use anywhere around my eye. Also, the shadow crumbles when I try to apply it instead of a smooth application. Am I just using this wrong or what? Hopefully I can figure out a way to make it work for me"
I really couldn't get these colors to work on my complexion. I'm pretty fair and to me didn't show up too good.
I have a conair dryer and this still wouldn't stay on. I tried to hold it on to at least try and get my hair dry but it go too hot and just kept falling off. This thing sucks!!
It may be better for people with dry skin. People with oily skin like me should really avoid this.It caused me severe pimples
"I got these today and was immediately disappointed. My hair is too long for these tiny clips to hold it all up. I assumed these were the normal size hair clips, especially since there is nothing in the product description saying otherwise. They are way too small, maybe I'll be able to use them to put my hair half up but I was really looking forward to using these in place of a ponytail holder."
I bought this for myself and my mom because it was cheap. will not buy again as we both noticed skin tags developing on our necks
"Considering the two peels per sticker that you have to do and how easily they tear at the cuticle line if you have to do any trimming/touching up there, these are a big headache in my book.  Granted, they have some funky patterns, but that's the only advantage I can see.  I used these several times thinking I'd be able to improve my speed and deftness, but it just didn't happen for me."
"This was too slick. Like it wasn't even penetrating in my hair, but simply sliding over it. I did not enjoy it. I went back to Wen. (I didn't have a problem with Wen in the first place, I'm just a hair product hoarder and wanted to try something new)."
doesnt work for me... looks green and streaky. Not for me. If you looking for a good self tanner that doesnt look fake go with fakebake or million dollar tan. I havent personally tried it but I hear that st. tropez mousse is very good as well.
"I followed the instructions to the letter and still wound up with wax all over the bathroom and severe pain and bruising on my ladybits. Apparently I'm not woman enough for this product, even though my favorite movie is Scarface and I listen to Slayer. Do yourself a favor and pay someone to do this for you. It's worth the investment."
"I just received this today and I tested it out on my stomach and it dried quickly I did everything correctly. Well, I wore a tan shirt, and well...there were blotches of pink on my shirt."
"I exfoliate my face on a daily basis. I thought this would help me do that better. Wrong. I don't notice any ""dirt or grime"" come off my face (as evidenced by a clean foaming pad after use) and the soap stings my eyes bc I use it in the shower so it runs all down my face. If I put my own exfoliating cream on it then it gives a nice little massage, but definitely not ""deep cleaning"" and still no better than my hands did on their own."
Sadly it doesn't work but then again it was too good to be true . . . . . . .
Doesn't work for stubborn burn marks on the chin or dark marks from popping pimples on the face. What a waste of money. Seen better results with Ambi. Guess I'll have to just continue using that for now.
"It was supposed to arrive somewhere between October 18 and November 7. It's December 5th and still no product. They said that they couldn't help me with it, and that it might arrive sometime soon. Terrible customer service, and I'm sure the product itself would be terrible too, if I could actually receive it. Apparently a lot of other people had this problem too. Don't waster your time, just go to a beauty store and get one for $2. This one is definitely cheaper, but it's not worth it."
"Not my favorite, It isn't bad, I have olive skin and oily, its ok but you can do better for a better price. Made me look fake in the face, I don't like the texture and the smell is awful, yuk! Stick with the Milani multitask face powder, it's great and way better quality for similar or less price. My rate is a one star simply because I did not feel comfortable with it and it seemed way to chalky. If you have bad acne, this is no BUENO!"
i just got them last night and they dont even seem like they can be used the box was smashed and the lashes look like plastic and not even close to something that could be used kinda sad
"I hate to be the bad guy because this powder is so heavily raved about but it just does not do it for me. I am in shade NC45 of MAC foundations and I have dry skin. This powder gives a very yellow cast and extremely mattifies your makeup, like extremely matte even with the lightest touch. Dry skin does not need help looking matte. I have a very cool undertone but this is still too yellow."
"I don't like the smell. My skin feels oily and looks shiny for a long time. It does protect my skin from getting burned, but I haven't noticed any improvement in my skin. The fine lines around my eyes and lips are still there. Update: 6/7/10, I tried this again, but used a lot less. My skin was less oily, not as shiny and the product was absorbed much more quickly."
"This has a really awful, medicine-ish / herbal smell that reminds me of dandruff shampoo or men's deodorant. I only used it once, though, because I disliked the smell so much. So I'm not really sure how well it works in the long run."
"First the pros. Big bottle, smells good, very thick. Now the cons. For a product called Organix, I expected organic contents. Not so much. My hair fell out after using this conditioner. The product contains ""cones"" (dimethicone I think) which I am allergic to. The ""cones"" leave your hair shiny, but smother your hair if used regularly. It does leave my hair (what's left of it) very soft when wet. There is no moisture when dry. All in all I'd give this conditioner a negative star if it wasn't for the pros. By the way I am an african american woman wearing her natural hair 4a/4b."
"Make sure you rub it in well.. or else you will have a streak! Plus, it doesnt smell very good.."
from almost a 50 $$ foundation but it actually makes my skin look flakey which is surprising cause its a cr&egrave;me and expensive! but found worst so ill give it 2 stars
"Really disappointed that I spent so much on this product. I read the reviews on this and was so pumped to get this product. I used this in combination with a few other their other sexy straight products & all it did was arouse some serious frustration that I spent so much on products that I CAN NOT return because I used.First off - this products really don't smell the greatest. No they don't exactly stink, but it kinda reminds me of the smell of a perm. And that smell lingers.Secondly- It didn't really keep my hair straight nor did it work better than any other product I've used. Like really? You're $20.00 bottle & you don't work? Shame on you sexy straight, my hair was anything but!!! It kept my hair straight(ish) (there was still little bit of wave) for ONLY about 4hours (had been using kertain 7day smooth and that was lasting about 4 DAYS).So honestly wouldn't suggest this if you have any bit of curl to your hair or thickness, at all. If your hair is only slightly wavey, it might work...but not for curls!"
well its ok but its really opaque so you have to apply like 3 coats if you want just this color.
If you want a moisturizer that only make your skin softer than it's a good buy. I on the other hand was expecting not only softer skin but diminished fine lines and wrinkles as Miracle Worker suggested. I also thought at least some of my age spots would be alleviated. But that hasn't occurred either. I will not buy this again.
"I didn't realize this was a stencil for people with no eyebrows! Oh well, looks like I lucked out on few bucks. It's just a tape stencil you put over the area that you want eyebrows and you fill it in. Even if I didn't have eyebrows, this stencil would be too thin. Bad purchase."
"I didn't expect this big.  My hair is a little longer than the shoulder, and want very natual curl, so I chose this, but it's too big than expected."
"This stuff sucks! It takes forever to dry, and leaves your brushes oily! It borderline ruins your brushes. None of my brushes have applied makeup the same since I used this. The worst."
"i have used Clear shampoo and conditioner for awhile now and have liked it because it the conditioner seems to really help as a detangler for my very long, fine hair. As for scalp benefits...I'm still skeptical. I gave this 7 day treatment a go and wasn't blown away.Each tube has more than enough product. In fact, I could have split each tube into two uses if I had wanted to and, like I said, I have VERY long hair (all the way down my back). For the sake of this review I used each tube in it's entirety as the instructions indicate. I kept the product in my hair for at least 5 min each time. After 7 days, I didn't notice any difference in my hair ""damage"". I think the normal Clear conditioner is better than this 7 day treatment. This treatment is a very light, fluffy conditioner and didn't feel as penetrating as the regular Clear conditioner. After I used it, I sometimes still felt like I needed to use more of a different conditioner.Overall, I don't feel like this product is better than using my regular hair regimen of a high quality conditioner and Redken All-Soft argon Oil."
I have baby fine thin hair and usually I use the tea tree and sometimes the lavender WEN. My FAVORITE is 613 but this one seems to leave my hair dull and greasy. Maybe it's just an aged product being that I bought it on amazon and it was last winter's limited edition and here we are going into fall. But either way I get the other ones from amazon and so far I found that the &#34;mint&#34; ones leave my hair icky and flat... but don't give up on WEN not all the formulas are the same and there will be one that may work better for you
It might be because of my very pale skin but I did not like this product. It stained my hands even though I washed them a couple of times during and after applying the lotion (but my hands are very pale). It streaked and kinda came off in the shower when I used it but it came off unevenly. I threw it away after using it a couple of times.
"I had really bad luck with this product.  I used it for the first time yesterday, and, even though I followed all of the directions and even contacted their customer service for advice before dying, it left me with bright orange ""hot roots"" and left my hair feeling very damaged and dry.I bought this in the Terracotta Blonde color (7C).  Before purchasing it from Amazon, I went to the Naturtint website to check out the color chart, and then found it locally so I could see the color chart in person.  Since I still wasn't sure what color to get and was trying to go to a lighter red than my current color, I emailed a photo of my hair to Naturtint's customer service email. Someone emailed me back right away with two suggested colors -- and so they definitely have excellent customer service!This color contain hydrogen peroxide, which means that it can lighten your hair over time.  If you want to move to a lighter shade, you can use Naturtint to do so gradually, by slowly going down two shades at a time.  The peroxide, however, is probably what makes this so drying on your hair; it left my hair feeling awful afterwards.That being said, when I rinsed this out of my hair, it took forever to rinse and burned my eyes really badly as I was rinsing it out.  It also left my hair feeling like straw, and I had very healthy hair to begin with.  Even after using their shampoo and conditioner, my hair felt awful, so I did a deep treatment with one of my own hair masques, and that seemed to help a bit.  Overall, though, my hair feels really dry and straw-like, and I had a lot of residual color left on my towels and pillowcase last night, which I've never had before.When I told my stylist that I was going to start dying my own hair again, she said just to do an all-over color every four or five or so colorings when doing box color, and just touch up the roots in the meantime.  I'd like to do so, but this seems to be so damaging to my hair that I'm not sure I want to use it again.  Before now, I was using Robert Craig color, which left my hair in much nicer condition, but was more of a pain to use because you have to measure and mix up the color.  I might go back to RC color, depending on how my hair recovers after I try to baby it the next few weeks."
"I don't like this cream. It is very greasy and it does not absorb. I used it for a month and did not noticed anything. I did not noticed any changes in skin at all. Will not purchase again. I am surprised why so many people like it. Plus there are a lot of harsh preservatives in this cream, not a healthy chose I made."
"This is a very soft wipe and it does get everything off but it left my skin feeling greasy.  I prefer Burt's Bees white tea wipes.  This is good, however, for the eye area."
"I regret that I so quickly responded to my first use of this product and the initial praise. The results did not continue, and I'm back to the flatness of before. In fact, I hardly notice a difference whether I use it or don't."
"From the bottom I took it out of the package I realized this product is Quantity not Quality, very flimsey.Honestly, I would have made out better buying from a local dollar store w/o the cost of shipping. I've used it less than 3 weeks now and already one of them has broke, I am now on the second. This is not good if you intend on putting a lot of hair up in a bunn as I prefer to use for when showering and sleeping.  I have smaller size clips that are stronger and has last and last. This was a poor buying judgment one I will not ago again.Seriously, save on shipping buy from dollar store."
"I really don't understand the reviewers who are saying this device does something.  A washcloth or scrubby sponge for your face does as much and you can wash and dry those. The Thermal Polish cream was nice with a very fine grit. It left my face soft and smooth with a washcloth, however. Honestly, let's be very real, this device is nothing at all close to microdermabrasion and Olay has stretched their credibility too much to have labeled it with the word microdermabrasion. I do understand that either amazon or Olay &#34;gave&#34; this product to customers in exchange for their review.  This should always be stated right off the start."
"I like these caress body washes, but this one, kind of aggravated my allergies. Which is surprising since the scent isn't very strong. It has a very faint floral scent, but if I didn't know it was intended to be Gardenia, I would never guess. Like the other shower gels, it has a pleasing presentation- the bottle looks good, it fits nicely in the hand, and is attractive, and is useful to wash your body, lathers well, and works well with a razor for shaving.I found after use, that my existing congestion felt worse though. I stopped using it.If you don't have allergies, you might find this to be a pleasing and inoffensive product. I prefer, personally, a scent that lingers on the skin, and this one didn't. Pleasant but not repeatable."
I have tried many shampoos to find one that doesn't burn my sensitive skin and scalp.  FFekkai is a well know name but the product is not what I would want in a shampoo.  I found it irritating and couldn't wait to shampoo it out and off my scalp.
"Don't waste your time and money, it doesn't work.I have used it straight for 2 and half weeks and my eyebrows have shown 0 signs.  Infact someone just told me yesterday that my eyebrows look much thinner so Im guessing instread of hair growth it is shedding my eyebrow hair."
"I received this product 4 days ago & have been using it morning & night. I apply it on a clean , wet face, let it absorb, &then put on moisturizer. By morning my face does feel soft, but by afternoon it just feels dry & almost itchy sometimes. Am I doing something wrong? There is no rash or anything visible, it just feels dry! I will continue to use it...perhaps it takes longer? If anyone has any ideas please let me know!!  My skin has never been sensitive so that's not the problem. Hoping this works out! Will post later after using it for a few weeks......I have also tried mixing it with my moisturizer with the same results. :("
"I thought it cheap for the price, and it is just that.  It doesn't close properly, the tools are dull and just don't work effectively.  A serious waste of money"
"Of course, I can only speak for myself and my use of this Motions Naturally Hair Gloss, but I really do not like it. It makes my hair hang limp, and heavy and my hair looks (and feels greasy). I have used other shine products all the time, and none weighed my hair down like this. I rated it two stars as others seem to think this is a good product. Thinking it may just be my experience, but it's terrible in my opinion."
"This conditioner absorbs well into my hair, but have to use other leave in conditioner to soften my hair. It also smells like amoxicillin.:("
"I'm not sure what happened here but my hair is really not doing well. I noticed the breakage as I was rinsing my hair and now its even worse as it's drying. I've used about 3 hennah/indigo based dyes before this and have never had this result. On the contrary, I was shocked at how healthy my hair had gotten. My hair feels the way it did BEFORE I started using henna/indigo based dyes. Pretty horrible. I'm half convinced this isn't chemical free.I certainly won't be using this product again."
"Contrary to what the packaging says it does leave lint behind, and quite a lot of it. It can be frustrating trying to apply toner with these. I will not purchase again."
These are super tiny. Idk I guess you could use them for a one time use I guess. You get what you pay for
I tried using this thing but it just didn't work right.  A pair of tweezers worked better.  Not worth the money.
"I wrote to the developer of the product because she advertises this &#34;feel free to write me&#34; thing.  She answered me ONLY when I was considering purchasing the product.  I wrote her again afterward because I had one more question - and she ignored me, twice.  No need to acknowledge the customer once the purchase is made, I guess. That doesn't bode well with me."
"I read in InStyle magazine and in Women's Day that this product is ""the best and greatest"" product available to treat coarse, dry and finer hair. Supposedly it was going to make your hair sleek and pretty. Not so much. Not so much it all. I WISH I had Googled it before and read the posts below. :(I have very curly hair that's on the dry side. This product completely fried my hair, damaged it, burned my scalp and I reek of the smell of the 20-min Smooth it serum. It was the most horrible experience in my life and I have done salon relaxers, straighteners, at-home-kits, used many companies and I am very disappointed. At least it was only $10! This product is a two-step system, where after you shampoo and towel-dry your hair, you put the 20-min serum all over your hair (with gloves!) and then wait for 20 mins for it to soak in. Then rinse and put in the cream. After which, you blow dry. When I was rinsing off the serum, my hair felt heavy, thick and all in one glob, so I thought maybe something worked. After I towel-dried my hair, it was lifeless, sticky and even noticed one strand was slightly a different color (lighter). I don't have highlights or colored hair, either (and have never done either). I thought the ""perfect it"" cream (step 2) would work. It smelled MUCH better than the serum, but it did absolutely nothing. When I blow dried my hair it wouldn't dry at all. It's been 10 hours and it's still wet! My hair has more frizz in it now than I ever have had.The worst part of the whole thing was that my scalp was completely burnt. I reeked of the pungent serum smell and itched all over my scalp and my shoulders. I had to take another shower and re-wash my hair and super conditioned it with my normal conditioner. My hair is not any better but at least I don't stink and my head doesn't itch as much.I would wish this product on my worst enemy. Don't recommend it at all. :("
"I was expecting this to be a really nice smelling product as I've purchased this brand before and really liked it, however, this wasn't very appealing to me at all.  There wasn't a nice smell to it and the product itself was rather watery, and as I said ""disappointing"".  Would not recommend this item."
"When I first put this on my face, I really loved it.  I have uneven, acne-prone skin but this primer made my skin super soft and silky to the touch.  However it did not give my foundation and powder the lasting power that I hoped for.  After a few hours my face felt sticky and like it was starting to get oily.  After a nine hour workday with no touch-ups, I looked in the mirror and, although it wasn't as bad as I was expecting, my face did look more oily and the foundation seemed to have worn off.  I may try this primer again, but I prefer Revlon Photoready PrimerREVLON Photoready Perfecting Primer, 0.91 Fluid Ounce.  Although it didn't make my skin as soft as this primer did, Revlon's primer kept my makeup looking fresh all day with no touchups, and for only a few dollars more (depending on where you buy it) you get almost twice the product.I would reccommend this E.L.F. primer for people with normal skin (and maybe dry skin), but those with more oily or combination complexions might want to try something else."
"So... I LOVE the colors, that's the good, but I would NOT buy this again simple because ALL THE SHADOWS smell identical to acrylic paints. I value my eyesight and have only used them once, but if they begin to irritate my eyes I will discontinue. I would pay more next time for a palette that is SAFE FOR EYES and DOESNT SMELL LIKE PAINT from an art store. If I could, I would rate it 2.5 because the colors are gorgeous, but they DO NOT transfer well and are not pigmented. Hope this helps everyone when deciding to purchase!"
"I used this way back when it was first introduced on the market and the results were fantastic. The box was black with gold dots throughout. My hair grew so much I had to make frequent hair appts to keep it trimmed and maintained. Now they have this supposedly Extra Strength forumla and I don't think it's up to par. I haven't seen any results and I'm entering my 7th month next month. I don't even see an improvement in my finger nails like I did with the original forumla. Personally I think they've debased the forumla. Most companies do that anyway. When a product is good and the sales are producing great profits, the company becomes greedy and starts to use inferior products but jack the price up. I think the hayday of Viviscal is over. I have also noticed they do not advertise the product the way they use to. They use to advertise it as increasing hair growth (which it did) now they simply advertise it for thinning hair. I'm like what???? That was my first indicator that something had been taken out. What ashame!"
Good for one day only.And OPI test this product on animals. Not good at all. Poor animals......So never again.
"I feel like this shampoo doesn't get my hair clean pretty much at all. Not to mention that I also have a very dry scalp now and I don't use any products in my hair (besides the diva curl set it free spray which I reviewed too, but have stopped using).I like the smell. I like that it doesn't foam up too terribly but it just doesnt get my hair clean. I have thin hair that needs washed every day or it gets greasy."
"I was really excited to try a new moisturizing cream at this price point.  The reviews all over the internet of this product really sold me.  I've used this product for about 2 1/2 months now but only because it's not breaking me out terribly and I need to get my money's worth so I will use it until it's finished.  However..  I dab a pea-sized amount on in the morning everyday and BAM!  Looks like I slathered corn oil all over my face, I have to dab it off because it looks downright unappealing, to the point where if I'm not conscious to dab enough off, a coworker (male) of mine makes it a point to laugh incessantly at my ""greasy forehead.""  NOT GOOD!  I do like the subtle smell and the fact that it's a good amount of product for the price, but the greasiness on top of the fact that my face feels overall not calmed by this product makes it the last time I purchase it.  Wish I could find a trusty cream for $20 but I can't keep spending the money and being disappointed."
"i heard many raves about this product and i wanted to try it. I hate this product. maybe it's just my eye shape but there's this sharp edge and it hurt me pretty bad while using it. it doesn't curl my lashes at all.  i think this product was made for people with big creases. i truly dislike this product, but you get what you get with a dollar."
"There was not a lot of product on either side of the plumper/primer. The primer is a skin color which completely changes the color of whatever lipstick you put on, making it lighter and a creamier clumpy texture. The plumper burns pretty bad and doesn't really give the &#34;plumping&#34; effect. I have used way better plumper than this, would much rather pay more money for something that actually serves the purpose than spend close to $6 on something that doesn't work. Not a good buy in my opinion, would not buy again."
Would not recommend.  The package was open and leaking upon delivery and the product stings my eyes after just one use.  Threw it out.
"I have color treated hair and wanted to try this conditioner in combination withCLEAR SCALP & HAIR BEAUTY Total Care Nourishing Shampoo, 12.9 Fluid Ouncein hopes of keeping damage from color treatments at a minimum.  The shampoo works great and I continue to use it but this conditioner leaves my hair frizzy and unmanageable.  I wondered if the combination of the two was causing my problems but I have since used the conditioner withAlberto VO5 Tea Therapy Healthful Green Tea Smoothing Shampoo, 15 Ounceand my hair is still frizzy and unmanageable so it's not my shampoo causing the problem.  Something in the conditioner doesn't agree with my hair and I do not like it."
"This stuff is so thick and yucky! I ordered a color that should have matched my skin because it is what I normally wear and this stuff I cannot even use because it is so dark and so thick like paste. I do not recommend this stuff. And, the tube is tiny!"
This Burt's Bees cleanser left my skin feeling greasier after I used it than it was before.I have normal-oily skin and this is definitely not a good cleanser for that skin type.  This cleanser might work really well if you had very dry skin.It does smell nice though.
"I purchased two Alba Botanica products (this lotion and a body scrub) and I did not like either. This lotion smells like a cheap cocoa butter smelling lotion. Why purchase a $10 tube of this for that smell? Also, it does a very basic job of moisturizing. Nothing special. I REALLY wanted to like both of these products based of the reviews but was dissapointed in both. I would recommend you smell the scent of this in a store and decide for yourself. Will be writing a review on the body scrub as well so feel free to check that one as well. My skin is naturally oily and accumulates ""stuff"" easily so I was looking for a scrub that worked for that, so if this describes your skin, please feel free to check out that review."
"Pasty, greasy lip product..it ruins my top colour over product & makes lipstick run of my lips.  I love all of the other face/eye Elf products, but not this lip product"
"This was not okay for a curling iron, there are two safety flaws.  1) It gets too hot even on the lowest setting, it also takes about 20-30 minutes before the curling rod cools down so there is plenty of opportunity to injure yourself or somebody you are helping style their hair. 2) the rotating rod and clamp if you get your hair to catch can become entangled in the barrel of the curling iron.  I'm not a curling iron expert but I had a hard time clamping my hair on the curling rod;  these flaws makes Infiniti Pro a do not buy."
"I woudn't waste my money on this product. I thought I'd start with a cheaper corrective concealer quad because I didn't want to spend a bunch of money on something I'd never use. But I just don't find that this concealer is that good. It kind of sits on the skin and doesn't blend well. I like other elf products, just not this one."
"This pencil does what its suppose to, but its on the cakey side. The pencil also crumbles and breaks easily while in use. I will not be buying this again."
Extremely disappointing.  I took a quick glance and saw lots and lots of reviews with a decent average. These are nothing special at all and trying to determine what all the small brushes are actually for is ridiculous.  The company should or could have labeled or even numbered them.  Waste of my money.
"Too many products fot cellulite I was expecting at least better results, the bottles are to small I think should try other products."
"I returned this styler after just a few uses because it gets VERY hot, even on the ""low"" setting, and the cord is very short.  I don't recommend it as a hair dryer, styler, or anything!  Look elsewhere."
This really didn't work at all as I expected. I don't know if I didn't understand the directions or if my hair is just not thick enough. Don't buy it if you don't already know it will work for you.
"Let me just get straight to the point:I put it on and when I tried to adjust it, it snagged my hair. Every part that was touching my hair snagged on my hair. I had this for a while and I never wore it. When I finally put it on it rips my hair. I am african american and my hair is not straight. Maybe this hair band only works for people with straight hair."
"I have to rate the product according to my experience. I ended up being allergic to the main ingredient in this product. It was way too strong for my skin and I quickly began to start scratching for no apparent reason to me and having weird burning sensations, etc. on my face. I would recommend that you make sure your skin can handle this ingredient before purchasing this product."
"I saw all of the great reviews on this palette, so I decided to try it.  For the price, I figured I couldn't be disappointed.  Needless to say, I definitely was disappointed.  The eyeshadow is so baked on, you can't get any on the eyeshadow brush.This would probably be good for a pre-teen, but not for an adult."
I never have tried a dry shampoo before. I didnt like the way this made my hair look...not so clean. I have dark hair and thought wow on those days when I cant instantly wash my oily hair wouldnt this be great? Maybe if the shower goes out and I cant shower Id use this prodict but otherwise Ive got to shower twice a day.
"Save your hard earned money, and go buy yourself something you deserve that works!You won't find it here. A bunch of marketing strategies loaded with disappointment!"
The product label looked a bit funny. The list of ingredients does not provide the percentages of the active ingredients. I was too scared to put in on my face.
I had high hopes for this product since I bruise easily.  Looks like makeup.  Plus is that it does not rub off on clothes once dry.
This is so thin. I look like a fool whenever i use it. The color is so weir too
"Took this to Hawaii with me and used it once, but didn't use beyond that.  It sprayed well, and I'm sure it would do what it's supposed to do, but it' comes out of the can fairly forcefully, so you don't have a ton of control over how much you put on and it leaves a LOT of residual oily/wetness that takes forever, if at all, to dry.  Would not buy again."
"Make sure you read the ingredients list.  This product contains several highly allergenic ingredients!  Hydrolyzed wheat protein tops the list, but the rest of them aren't that friendly either.  Instead of the beautiful, glowing skin I was dreaming of, I got a rash and a burning sensation that lasted for two days."
"Even when I bleached my poor hair, It looked good for the first few days..Now I cannot wait to get this crappy color out. Usually I reallllllyyy love Manic Panic, But this is just a let down. I will not be buying this particular color again.."
"I actually did not receive this product. Whoever packaged my order must have not paid attention. I got some weird pimple popping tool, and I don't even get them. I'm so glad I only order one item from this provider."
I didn't like this at all.  The consistency of the mascara made it impossible to put on in a decent way.  Benefit also produces &#34;they're real!&#34; mascara which is worth it's weight in gold.  I would advise trying &#34;they're real!&#34; before wasting you money on this one.
"Well.  I suffer from cystic acne.  I hadnt had any breakouts in a while and i wanted to try this because of all the great reviews.  Unfortunately it was not for me.  The first time I tried this, my face was red and blotchy, but that was expected.  The next day, i woke up with white heads and cysts  on my chin.  I decided to give it a chance so I used it 2 more times.  Each time I used it i would have small red blotches that would then turn into pimples the next day.  Like I said, I have cystic acne so these cysts take forever to go away.  I tried to give it a chance, but it really wasnt good for my skin at all.  It did make mt skin soft, but That doesnt matter if my face is going to have painful cysts on it.  I love olay products,  this one.....not so much.  Also, the 2nd step in the microdermabrasion never foamed like it claimed,"
"I tried this product and it was awful. It made my skin itchy, flaky and red. I gave it a 2nd try a couple of days later, with the same bad results after using my regular moisturizer &#34;Oil of Olay&#34; that I love - so my skin would recover.  I had to throw it away since it's shelf life EXPIRED 12/13 which I feel is a short time since I only ordered it in August. There is no way I would ever use it again."
"SUAVE VIBRANT SHINE is a spray that contains some silicones, which are common in beauty products to provide lubrication and shine.  It also contains mica which I assume makes up the shiny, pretty particles that are suspended in the liquid after shaking.  I found it at my supermarket for under $3, and I was excited to try it.  What a disappointment!  I didn't check the ingredients until I got home.  The very first ingredient is alcohol which means the product contains more alcohol than any other component.  Alcohol's effect on hair is well-known, and that effect is not to increase shine.  Alcohol is very dulling and drying to hair.  Oh well.  Maybe the alcohol is just the conduit for the silicones and mica?  I hoped.I gave it several tries.  When I took the cap off and took a big sniff, I could really smell the alcohol, but I didn't get too much of that when I sprayed the product on my hair.  I found the added scent to be fairly light and pleasant.  Unfortunately, I got no added shine.  I applied more product the next few times and still no shine.  The rest went in the trash.The problem is most people don't need shining products if their hair is healthy.  Mine can be dull because it is processed with color and heated almost daily with various styling tools.  If your hair is processed and dull (thus prompting you to look for a product that adds shine), an alcohol-based product may be the last thing you want to put on it!"
"I very badly want to leave this product a good review, but in the interest of honesty, here goes...I bought this shampoo solely on the basis of excellent reviews. Many of the reviewers mentioned this product's ability to deal with their itchy and often oily scalp. This was my concern too. A huge benefit I noticed right away was that it made my hair (not my scalp) feel really really clean- it would even squeak when I would squeeze out the water, post-shower. So, I was excited about how well it worked and how quickly.But I noticed within a day of using it that I now had a problem I never had before: flakes! So many of them, and so disgustingly visible! Further, after a day of washing, my scalp got extremely oily- more so than it did before. Still, I've been using it and giving it a chance, at least until I am done with this entire (small) bottle.I am about half way through the bottle, washing my hair every other day, and have experienced the same results consistently. However, I will use it until the bottle is empty, and if results change, I will update this review. I am hoping the negative results are just an initial reaction to new treatment. If anyone else has had this reaction and wants to share any tips, I'm all ears!"
"First off, let me say I love Axe hair products, especially their spiking glue series.  So when this came up on Vine I thought I'd give it a run and see if it would work for me.  Well, it doesn't, and doesn't even come close to controlling my hair.  Mind you, I don't spike it up or anything crazy, just a normal finger length on the top and a nice part down the side.  This gel did nothing for control and I had to use a ton of hairspray to get my desired look.This gel has the look and consistency of hand sanitizer, but smells a whole lot better.  If your hair needs no control at all, or very little, then this is for you.  Otherwise, use their glue products to get the look you are after."
"My kids got so dry skin after using this suncreen. Yes, it's effective but the quality is aweful. I will not buy again, even for this cheap price! You got what you paid for"
I chose this rating because I hate this product.  Oily.  Oily and more Oily.  I do not recommend unless your hair is so dry that is falling out of your scalp.
"Just ordinary, nothing special. The price is really very high for the product you get. You really can get a better kerastase product for this money. Not worth it"
Very few flecks of glitter actually stick to your nail with each coat. It is essentialy a clear polish. I was very disappointed.
"I used this tanning lotion yesterday for the first time and it made my skin feel like it was on fire.  It was horrible.  I do not have sensitive skin (although I usually do not use tingle lotions) and did not get sunburned.  My skin didn't stop burning until about 5 hours after I used this.  I woke up this morning and now my skin is itching like crazy.  It is absolutely miserable .  I can't say that I would recommend this product to anyone unless you like pain. The only good thing about this product is that it smells good, however, I will never use this again.  What a waste of money!"
"When I placed order it said the canes would be 2 inches, I was not very happy when I found they were 1 inch! Please be aware they may only be 100 of the one inch canes although there were some cute designs I would not repurchase."
"I had high hopes for this, having read the reviews both here and elsewhere before purchasing. But it's been about 5 weeks, and I don't see much change. I'll continue to use it until it's finished, but I doubt anything will change significantly."
I have had these for two haircuts and the scissors already are feeling friction when i open an shut them
"I don't know if its THIS brand in particular, or all matte topcoats, but this stuff literally takes like 15 minutes to even begin to dry. It's horrible. I love the matte nail look, but frankly, it's not worth me not being able to touch anything for an hour for fear of smudging my manicure. Other than that, it's swell."
This product did not look like the advertised picture. It did not match and was lighter than the picture. Awful
"After reading all these great reviews, I decided to get it, bad mistake! First it smells horrible , and 2nd it made my hair feel & look so dry ,I hate it and won't use it again!"
1. I couldn't tell I had any color on my lips at all. I'm fair with very pale lips.2. It consistantly wore off for no apparent reason - had to reapply constantly.Won't buy again.
"I bought this and used it for about 6 months then my mother got me a Clairsonic.  WHOA.  What a difference!  Seriously, this thing is just pushing dirt around your face.  If you want a true, amazing cleansing experience, get a Clarisonic.  Your skin will thank you."
"I had received a sample of this from Sephora and liked it.  So I bought the full size.  This doesn't even begin to resemble the sample based on the performance.  Sure the brush is the same but man, is it a mess!  First thing out of the tube?  A long, string of goo.  I end up with what appears to be chips and chunks of mascara on my lashes, then when trying to remove and separate, it ends up on my fingers, eyelids and under my eyes.Could this possibly be fake?  Amazon, if you read these, look into this."
"For the price of this stuff I actually expected something good.. dont waste your money. You can't even tell its on and if you have to reapply your make up later on in the day you cant put anything on top of this or it will make it ""cakey"" so your sorta stuck with it for the day. You better off just buying normal blush at the drug store."
I thought it would be better.....doesn't seem to work as well as I had hoped. :( So tragic!! I guess I'll have to buy another type.
"These really didn't work like I thought they would. The whole idea is great, and maybe my hair is too fine, but basically they just leave your hair kind of thinned down and draggy looking. Yes, they do &#34;curl&#34; a bit,  but in a limp sort of way. This is because the curlers add enough weight without lifting at the roots, to make your hair dry flat. If you do get them, get long ones. The short ones are useless at best."
I don't what to say. Tried one and get rid of the rest of them. Totally wasting money..so disappoint! Don't buy
"Product itself is okay.  My problem is the packaging.  The little adhesive &#34;door&#34; that you open and then reseal tears easily, so you have a gap in covering the unused towelettes, which means they could dry out.  I like the packaging with the adhesive cover but also with an actual plastic &#34;door&#34; covering.  Bert's and Ellen Tracy.  The latter is probably the better product, by a scootch, but does cost more."
The brushes I received do not fit into my Clarisonic. I don't think there is much more to say.Not Recommended. prisrob 06-04-13
"These aren't worth the money.  I've tried to use Essie, OPI, China Glaze, Butter, Julep and even The smaller New Black bottles in these and they don't work.  The ends bow up and the holder slides all over the place.  Don't waste your money."
"I give this product one star because they look plastic, aren't flexible, and the glue is a waste of time. Save your money if you are looking for affordable but natural looking lashes check out my other reviews you will find some lashes that i purchased that I absolutely adore."
"This lotion was ordered as an error by the seller. Originally the 'original' was to be sent to me because it is what was ordered. upon opening the lotion I noticed the old smell of it which is unpleasant. i pressed the pump and the lotion spurt out an oily water substance. i pumped it one more time and it finally gave me actual lotion. When i rubbed the lotion it was like water, very runny. This lotion does nothing for my skin and now i am stuck with a stinky, watery big bottle of lotion. usually alba products are great, I should have heeded to the other reviewers when they said the formula changed for the worse."
I really don't get how these are better than a thin pair of gloves. The seams are uncomfortable (especially at the fingertips). I just wasn't impressed.
"I've owned this brush for about four years but during the first year the charging problem began.  I've cleaned the metal charging nodes on the base and unit with alcohol on a q-tip and it WILL charge after you ""play"" with it.  Sometimes it won't immediately charge.  I'd sit it there and nothing sometimes even for days then I'd hear it beep and the light will turn on indicating it has decided to charge again.I really liked this brush when I had nothing to compare it to.  Although I didn't use it as often as I would have liked to because it was a hassle to recharge once I moved it and then I was a little afraid it would finally die on me.  After I realized I was only using it for ""special"" occasions and not enjoying it as often as I deserved I decided it was time to upgrade to a more dependable unit and bought a Clarisonic Plus.The bristles on this brush are much stiffer than the brushes on the Clarisonic Deep Pore and even Body brushes.  It moves in much the same way as the Clarisonic but its movement is more noticeable to the naked eye so I believe the Clarisonic moves faster.All in all this product helped me decide that this kind of brush would be beneficial to my skin care routine and why I was willing to shell out more money for the Clarisonic.  If I didn't have problems charging I probably would have been satisfied with just this brush, but now having felt the bristles on the Clarisonic I am @ awe as to how soft they are even without comparing them to this one.  It feels like a newborn's hair brush bristles.  Clarisonic feels like pampering and this brush feels more like an exfoliation/scrub.  Both get the job done, but if you have more sensitive skin another brush may be better for you.  I hear the Olay brush is good and is similarly priced but rotates instead of pulses."
"I recently purchased a bunch of polishes in this color family. Turquoise & Caicos is really popular, so for some reason I bought it too. Oy. It looks like 1970's sea foam green refrigerators.  That isn't even the biggest problem with it. It is very thin and requires at least 3 coats. The bottom line is I own First Timer, In the Cab-ana, Mojito Madness, and Where's My Chauffer. I like those colors all a lot more than Turquoise & Caicos. This one is too boring to be seen on my toes."
"I am a Black woman and I bought this thinking it would help me get my daughters natural hair a little straighter and more manageable. It did NOT!!! it took much longer to dry her thick natural hair and her hair did not flow smoothly through the attachments. It doesnt get hot at all, more like high warm at it's highest setting. Those of us with natural hair know that when we are drying higher heat helps make the hair more manageable, even though your hair looses moisture with high heat Black people have to moisturize our hair so vigorously either way that it's worth it since the moisture get replaced daily through cremes and treatments. I even used this to dry me hair weave and it didn't work well on that either. And that was Indian hair! lol. I dont think this product well unless you have fine hair. I ended up getting an anndis blow dryer with a comb attachment"
"Maybe this works for others, but not for me.The medal edge is too thick to get under my toe nail..and I'm a women, that has manicure toe nails thatare kept nice..Expect now I have a ingrown toe nail!Or I'm not using this the right way!!!The picture shows the toenail lifter, but it shows a slim edge.As I said, too thick for me, and it hurt to use it!"
"didn't make my hair feel clean and didn't make me hair very soft, the repairing Monoi line is much better, that one I am obsessed with"
"I 've applied this peel 5 times now, and even leave it on longer than is recommended & I see no difference at all in my skin. After standing around with a prickly, burning, itchy feeling all over my face for 20mins I expected to see some results by the 5th peel! The only thing it did was leave the creases along my nose red & slightly burning for a couple days. I had an allergic reaction to something about a year ago, and my face broke out badly due to this. I have very fair skin, and now have little brown/red hyperpigmentation marks all over.  I was really hoping this would help. I see no change so far, not even a brighter complexion; I mean absolutely nothing has changed. I'm really bummed out. Im going to keep trying it though for another month, and see if anything happens. I'll update my review then."
"I followed the instructions and when I did not see any difference I repeated the whole process all over. I should say I did not see any difference again, just a little gteyish color. Sent it back yesterday."
The picture makes it look like there are snowflakes in this polish.NO snowflakes. It was the only reason I paid the $9 for this polish.It sucks.
This did not work at all like the Nail Tek. It seemed old and thick. I will definitely not purchase again.
"It simply washed right out after one wash. Whats the use of that?! Waste of my money. GRRRRR not happy about that!!  There was no hint of color after I showered, none at all. Not even exagerating here."
I have not gotten any of the rest of my order.I want my things I ordered I paid for it all
Items arrived very fast. I guess I shouldn't complain for how cheap they are but the handles of the brushes are crooked and not straight and the ferrule fell right off the wooden handle as soon as I opened them. The bristles themselves seem to be in ok shape but I will not be ordering again.
I have noticed over the last few years my pore sizes has increased.  It is crazy and now it really bothers me!  I tried this along with many other products but I did not notice any difference!  If you like a toner its not a bad one pretty gentle but don't expect no more pores!
I read many great reviews for this. This product is horrible. It did not do anything to my skin other than major break outs.
"I bought this based on all the great reviews, but after using it for a few weeks i don't think it is really all that special. It works, but i had higher expectations. Here is what i have noticed so far:Pros: Adjustable heat settings. That's nice, but i think that should be standard on a flat iron in this price range.It does work and does straighten my hair, so i guess that counts as a &#34;pro.&#34;Cons: There is no light to indicate whether it was on or off. I had a hard time getting it to turn on at first and had to just touch it to see if it was warming up or not.Also, the plates don't line up exactly evenly. It's not a big deal when you have a large enough chunk of hair in it, but when straightening the front layers of my hair there are a few small chunks and either they will just fall out if there are in the gap between the plates or else there will be a few hairs where the plates do touch and it will pull when the rest slides easily through the plates.It's not a big enough deal to me to return it, but if i were to do it over again i would not purchase this model."
"Strong aroma which takes maybe 10 minutes to fade.  But after about 1/2 hour, my eyes started burning.  Skin feels smooth, but not worth the other effects."
"I have to trim these lashes to look somewhat natural. Its a great price, but it looks too fake. Unless you like people to only focus on your eyes, I wouldn't recommend getting THICK false lashes, because it looks exactly like that. period. I cut them now to give myself a fanned out lash look, I get tired of wearing mascara and its not good for your lashes anyway- too many toxins."
"This is a rather strange product, I have been using it for over a month now and quite frankly I don't see any difference, when I get lots of sleep my face smoothes out in hours and I'm only thirty so I say don't waste your hard earned money, this doesn't look or feel like eye cream, the fluid looks like liquid foundation and it's dark, a yellow tinted makeup is what this resembles... I always felt silly painting it on with that huge brush and would find the need for eye cream in the end anyways, so what's the point, I read the box twice trying to see what this is, they don't call it an eye cream making it look and feel like a vague gimmick. Try if you're really curious but it's nothing I would recommend to any of my friends and I love to share if they want to listen, so this says a lot. With so many eye and face products on the market I wouldn't waste my time on this, not recommended from my experience.Shiseido, Burt's Bees and Estee Lauder are great for eye products, as much as I adore Olay products this seems a bit bizarre from them, not a concealer and not a cream, a nothing in between!"
"Sorry, this cologne isn't that special. It smells very similar to the variations of Axes. It is very strong, and does last; but it smells too much like other cologne. Most of the reviews on this product are bogus; who writes reviews on cologne that they have not purchased through Amazon to say how many guys and girls they attract? Sorry, but your cologne is not going to make you a hit or miss. When a girl who smells nice walks past you in a bar, it probably hasn't significantly raised your chances of approaching her. It bugs me that so many of these reviews are fake methods of advertisement. Look for the ""Amazon verified"" reviews from people who actually bought this through Amazon; not all these fake reviews produced by Mambo..."
"I'm pale with freckles, but regardless of my skin tone, who doesn't need an eye cream right? I ordered this in desperate need of some perking up, but only got orange circles(literally) around my eyes, with no reduction of my fine lines. If anything, the tint coloring fell into them and made them more pronounced. This says 'for most skin tones', but unfortunately, I am not one of them. I liked the application of it, the brush feels nice around the eyes and the product sinks in nicely. But they should be selling this as a concealer with the some added anti-aging benefits, in a variety of 'tint colors'. And on top of that, this has paraben preservatives which I try to avoid. If they made this more natural and color-free I'd be all over it. I usually like Olay products, but this one is a miss for me."
I prefer powder based eye brow pencils as they give a more natural look.  Lancme has a fabulous one for dark brows color Sable.  Pricey buy fabulous.
"This is a nice, creamy moisturizer that leaves a slightly greasy look at first but then seems to absorb.  It leaves my skin feeling very soft and it's worked well on my dry spots, but I haven't noticed an improvement in my wrinkles. However, I've only used it a few weeks so maybe it would do better after longer use."
"I'm a product hound and still trying to find the perfect deep conditioner. I tried this after getting it from bzzagent and was disappointed. I figured since Motions is geared towards African American women, it would be perfect. Sadly it was not. It smelled great but it was a lot thinner than anything I've used for a deep conditioner. Directions say it should be left in 5-10 minutes with a plastic cap on, and under the hair dryer. It didn't do a thing in the world. I tried it a second time and did 30 minutes under the dryer and that helped a little. Overall, when it was rinsed out, my hair wasn't soft and easy to comb like other deep conditioners I've used. It felt a little dry. I guess the formula was so light-weight that I didn't feel any benefits from it and won't be using it again."
"This scent is just overpowering for me.  What I smell when I put it on is a very strong lemony, floral scent.  The floral notes are way to strong for me.  For me, the harshness continues even after the scent dries down.  It's not a soft scent at all and should be used with a very light touch so that others don't smell you way before you enter a room."
I purchased this product after reading the positive reviews.  I should have read the reviews more carefully.  This product does not reduce under eye puffiness in three minutes or overnight.  It does not work on puffiness.  I have used it for 4 months nows.  It does work on dark circles which are very much different than under eye puffiness.
"I tried this product because of the rave reviews from youtube gurus, but I hate this mascara!It made my lashes clumpy and did NOTHING to add volume or length.The brush is typical, nothing special.I recommend Avon SuperShock mascara over any I have ever tried! Honestly, it is my FAVORITE mascara, yet I never hear anything about it.Skip this mascara if you have one that you're happy with already."
"Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm may work for some women, but for me it was like using Crisco on my hair.  Described as being able to nourish the scalp deeply and to seal in moisture, Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm seemed to be a product that would work well for me.  Regular color ""refreshment"" and age have dried my hair so that I need a good, deep conditioning product.  Unfortunately, it left my hair greasy, dirty-looking, and weighed down by its residue.My first clue that this was not the product for me should have been the ingredient list - paraffin is the primary component.  Upon opening the jar, I thought that someone had filled it with beeswax that is used as furniture polish and to seal wooden kitchenware. Unfortunately, what the description omitted was that Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm was, according to the label, for ""Relaxed and Natural"" hair.  Had there been more information provided, I would have chosen another product.  Nevertheless, I attempted to use it in hopes that I would get a better result than some of the other reviewers.Women who do use chemical relaxers or have natural hair may find this product useful.  Those whose hair is fine and straight like mine will probably want to avoid Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm.Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm has a pleasant fragrance.  I discovered it does work well as a hand cream.  I found that just touching my finger tips to the surface and then rubbing my hands together, my skin was smooth and soft.  I believe it may also work well to prevent hangnails and dried cuticles.  For me and despite its alternative usefulness as a hand cream, Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Therapy Ultra Shea Intensive Scalp Nourishment Balm is a one-star product.  If you have relaxed or natural hair, you may rate this product more favorably."
I like a lot of desert essence products but this one contains parabens which I don't like. 3 more words.
"I agree with other reviewers, this is a harsh gel and it breaks your edges.In the jar it becomes very stiff easily and you kinda have to warm it up with your fingers.Once on, it gives incredible shine that is amazing, but it is a very THICK waxy film feeling I don't like.This is very hard on the hair, and I just wouldn't recommend it."
"Cheap material, flimsy. It was teared up with a few weeks of use. The size is not your average-size purse friendly."
"Horrible. Unless you like white, oily, wrinkle/pore maximizing greasiness. I bought 10 of this spf, and am returning 9 of them. The spf 45 is much better in this brand."
"I've been very discouraged lately at the changes in hair color.  It used to last much longer, and the color was better.  This time I tried Medium Auburn, and it said to leave it in for 20 minutes.  I left it in for  45 minutes just to be sure, and there's barely any color.  My hair is soft and shiny, I'll give it one star for that. But I could get these same results using a deep conditioner, and it is FAR too expensive for that.  I guess I'm going to have to get brave and graduate to henna."
"this may be just my personal experience but there were all multiple of the same colors some of the bottles were leaking and cracked,there was only one maybe two or three colors that were pretty the rest were very dull ugly brown and weird colors and there were so many of the same color I only got one or two glitters and there were four five of the same glitters I would not recommend buying this from personal experience it was it worth my time and effort to send it back but I would recommend not buying this product I wouldn't take my chances on getting all the same colors unless you plan on giving them away"
"After two months, I honestly couldn't spot a single difference or improvement in my skin since adding this to my routine.  I was using a serum from Philosophy (Philosophy When Hope is not Enough Serum-1 oz) which costs a third of this and worked much better.  I won't be buying this again"
This stuff will leave you with an orange glow. All your friends will look at your hands and ask you what the hell happened to you because they are different color from the rest of you. Not recommended.
This polish is veryyy thick and so is the brush. I would not want this again if it was free! The only two I'd probably recommend is the 28 chunky silver and 33 starry blue ( I am yet to try the twinkly love)
"They sent me the totally wrong order. I double checked three times and this palette with eyeshadow colors is what is in my order but instead, I received a palette of red and orange blush-colors! I have not heard anything back from the seller. I will not purchase again from them. Definitely not worth the time, the mistake and the lack of service."
"As soon as I opened the box it had a nasty smell......I hate these,they smell like car oil,they are hard and rough ...."
"I am ALWAYS looking for a cream-based shampoo for my curly hair.  I am a WEN girl, but it's way to expensive for me since I use it daily, so I tried this product and it made my hair VERY dry and hard! I would pass if you are an African American."
"I *finally* laid my hands on a sample vial of SMS after resisting a blind buy for the last few months. Boy am I glad I resisted. This floral is definitely not for me.On me, the opening is very synthetic. At first, the aldehydes reek havoc, then the jasmine gets cloying. A fruit-floral-woods progression is absent. I faintly smell a powdery wonderfulness and occasionally get visions of dancing daffodils, but it's not enough for me to give SMS another chance, even if it smells great on paper.I just don't have the chemistry required for Sophia Grojsman's blends (the perfume's designer). If you're like that too, you might just save yourself some trouble and cross SMS off your test list."
Easy to apply and looks beautiful on your nail.  My daughter used to make starry night nails for New Years
"I looooooved the thermal heat spray so I figured this must be better. Nope. I have dry, brittle and thick hair that looks beautiful with the right product. After using this (and yes i made a few attempts with different shampoos) i felt it left my hair rough and dry. Going back to tresemme's thermal creations."
"The color of the liquid is different than the one I got from derm office locally. It should be purple. But this one is clear. After using 2 weeks and seeing no results, I tossed it to the waste basket."
"I use a lot of Olay products, but this has done NOTHING special so far!I would and did just buy some Garnier or even Olay Daily Regenerist regenerating serum. I love that. I also like Olay Active hydrating cream.  I just read the other reviews and decided to keep trying it. I had wrote not to waste your money, but I had not used it for a whole month. Now I feel bad for being hasty. I will redo my review after the tube is completely gone.Sorry about the dishonest review since I did not try the whole tube.Edit*****My smile lines are definitely much better and the fine lines by my eyes are almost gone. I will be buying this again when the tube runs out. Also a little goes a long way. Just apply it to the wrinkles or fine lines, just a tiny dab and rub it in.6-11-2012EDIT.... I got tired of using that with hardly no results. I kept trying to see results. I imagined them. Finally started using Premier Dead Sea Products and in 1-1/2 months other people are seeing the results and giving me compliments. BYE OLAY! Hello, DEAD SEA PRODUCTS!!!!"
my urine looked like it belonged to a creature it scared me and i dont like pills that are not easy to swallow these pills got caught in my throat more than once so no thank you
"This stuff does a decent job at removing make up. Also, it doesn't leave that much of an oily feeling. That said, I am never going to use this again. I got a little of the remover in my eyes and it burns. It's been an hour since using this and my eyes still burn a little.  I have never experienced this with an eye makeup remover before.I only got this because it came free with a package of q-tips. I am throwing it out though. Glad I didn't spend any money on it."
"I have used this shampoo/conditioner set for years with great results, until I purchased the new formula (which includes cranberry oil). For some reason this new product left my scalp itchy, oily, & caused me to break out along my hair line. With the old formula my roots would only be a tad bit oily by the 3rd day of not washing it, now on the 2nd day my roots are greasy & my hair feels dirty & looks limp. It feels like there is a heavy build-up on my scalp & hair, which is causing it to look duller & the color less vibrant. Needless to say, I will not be using this set anymore after many faithful years. The old saying definitely applies here: If it ain't broke, don't fix it!"
"I thought I woudl give this root rescue a try, since I regularly use the clairol one, but I didn't like this formula at all, I loved the applicator and the gloves and the eyeglass protector, those were all way better than what clairol gives you, but the only thing I didn't like about this was the shade, I purchased black, and to me its more of a very dark brown, so my roots are lighter and more chestnutty looking than black, that is the only reason I didn't like it, If you have very dark black this may make your roots lighter, I didn't see any other black shade of this, but the clairol black matches my black perfectly so I don't know,"
"I bought this at my local Whole Food's wondering if it will be really helpful for my bleached hair. The content came out a bit watery, and I had to use a lot to distribute it through my hair. I have used other organic conditioners where a pea size amount can detangle and saturate all of my shoulder length hair. This conditioner was disappointing and not 'intensive' at all. Too bad it was so pricey."
"This cream will give you acne if you have sensitive skin.  Instead of buying a cream, I tried a vitamin C serum.  That has worked out perfectly.  I so wish I didn't try this and get the horrible acne breakout from it."
"I heard that this makeup had good coverage (which it does), but was unable to use it due to allergy.  It made my face red within a few minutes of applying.  May be good for some users, but didn't work for me."
"If they marketed this as a concealer and lowered the price, it wouldn't be bad. As part of the very long product name notes, it's meant to minimize the dark circles under your eyes. This worked fairly well in the summer, if/when the rest of my face was tan, but as we all know, we aren't even supposed to get a tan if we can help it. In any case, the rest of the year, I had a pale face. Thanks to Olay, I could now choose between a pale face and tan eye circles or skip the product and go back to a pale face and dark eye circles.As other reviewers have noted, way too much product comes out at a time, so even with the brush, you'll still need to use your fingers and/or dab some off with a tissue. That means it's not very practical when you're on the go.I had ""eye 'opes"" for this product but felt let down."
"While this product does technically meet the need for a fog-free ""mirror"" in the shower, it is such a cheap mess that I can't recommend it at all, so long that the asking price is more than $5. The fact that it is currently $50 literally makes me laugh out loud.The casing is made of lightweight, cheap plastic with parts that are loose and fall if you touch them the wrong way. The ""mirror"" is a silvery foil that distorts your reflection. Installing the batteries (NOT INCLUDED) requires a screw driver, which wouldn't be very frustrating except that EVERYTHING about this product is frustrating.Once you finally stick it to the shower wall, also be warned that ""warm water must be added to water reservoir each time before use"" to guarantee that the ""water mirror is fogless"". Listen to me now, do not buy this. You will regret it. You will regret it even if it is 50% off or 90% off. It's not worth the plastic that it's made from."
"I did not like this product , it felt no difference in my hair .  I would not purchase again because it dose not work for me."
"This product promises much but in my opinion delivers little.  My skin is very fair, sensitive, and it has been subject to acne and rosacea for 50 years.  At 65, my face still breaks out, so it was with high hopes that I tried the cream for two weeks, following the directions carefully.  The two positives are that the cream does work into the skin well and does dry out the affected areas and thereby takes down much of the swelling associated with acne.  However, there was absolutely no difference, rapid or otherwise, that I could see in the amount of redness in areas caused by pimples.  Over some days the redness eventually subsides, but in my case that is due to normal healing versus anything special by this cream.  The other thing I noticed is that this cream caused a fair amount of itching in the places where it was applied.  Unfortunately, on the basis of my experience, I cannot recommend this product."
"I have no idea why this brush is getting positive reviews, as it is by far the worst hairbrush I have ever used.First, it is huge. That's not necessarily a negative, just something to be aware of as it's hard to judge size online.  I can only wrap my fingers three quarters of the way around it.The brush itself is very cheap-looking.  The bamboo handle is nice, but the rest is just plastic.  Again, not necessarily a negative, as long as it performs well.  Which brings me to...I cannot get this through my hair.  I first tried it when my hair was dry and already blown out straight.  Silky straight.  No tangles.  I got it halfway down the length and to my surprise it got stuck. I'm sure I had a ""Huh??"" look on my face.  I took out some of my other hairbrushes and they glided through without problems.I tried the brush just now while blow drying my wet, combed hair.  Oh my gosh, it was painful.  The brush gripped so tightly I felt like it was ripping my hair out.  I could not move it completely from root to tip.Bad, bad brush."
Got this for my wife and it is a miss. smells like old hoe house. My wife likes the oils last longer. This is only good if it smells good. In my book this one does not get it.
"This stuff sucks. I got the shampoo and conditioner sample of this in the mail. I liked the scent and light feel of the shampoo and conditioner but when I got out of the shower I had to have my boyfriend help me get out all the knots from my hair. My hair was dry and knotty and my boyfriend said something weird, he said, ""It doesn't feel bouncy and moisturized"" as he helped me brush it. I even brushed my hair BEFORE showering to remove any knots and it came out knotty and dry. I will stick to Aussie."
I TRIED IT AND IT SAYS SO MANY PUMPS HERE AND THERE AND SO ON MY HAIR WAS SO SNARLY IT WAS UNMANAGEABLE TRIED IT THE SECOND TIME SAME THING AND THIS TIME SO GREASIE  SO I TOLD AMAZON AND THEY GAVE ME BACK MY MONEY THIS PERSON WHO SELLS THIS SHOULD NOT SELL IT ANY MORE ITS CRAP AND IT WILL RUIN YOUR HAIR LIKE IT DID TO MINE
This came off in about an hour. Added another coat. Same story. Don't bother with this. Save your money honey.
"I did not love it. There are better and less costly products available. So, pass this one up . From now on, I am."
I have used other Proactiv products in the past with some success but this one just does not cut it.  I think the Clearsil brand works a lot better in this case.  It doesn't do anything to clear up the outbreak faster (if at all).  Don't waste your money--get a cheaper brand that works.
i just recieve this perfume and also 3 more i was so happy about it box looked great bottle also but at the time that i tried na na!!! fake perfume smells like water with alcohol! this is so frustrating and dissapointing.
i dont really see the point in this product i didnt notice a difference when i aplied this on my face
I had my doubts and they were confirmed upon using (or trying to use this product).  This doesn't do it for me.  Maybe I'm too far gone and need the real thing - surgery!
I got five different sizes.  But I'm lucky that I noticed that because three of the five of them had the tips fall out as soon as I took them out of the package.  I had to get down on my hands and knees to try to find them.  Not impressed at all.
"With all the glowing reviews, i had to try this. The night i received the product, i immediately tried it. I was so excited for the results it would give me. It was sticky, and my very frizzy, poofy hair didn't like it, but i didn't give up on it. Sadly, i woke up, washed my hair, and....Nothing! It didn't do anything. I tried it again the third night, and nothing. I'm almost out with no result. I wish this would have worked for me, but i guess my hair is too thick for this."
I have been searching for the best...this was not it.  It makes my hair feel oily...I can only use it once a week at most.  Smells great though.
"The only negative thing I have to say is that the color is different to what is pictured on the product listing. The color is actually more pink than purple (although you can definitely see the purple in the color). In the picture, the color looks like a deep purple, whereas in person the color is more of a deep pink, as one reviewer already mentioned. It's almost like a dark Barbie pink. I almost took a star off for this, but that is more of an issue with the product listing than the actual product. The actual color is a beautiful color, but I wanted the deep purple color in the picture.EDIT: Since posting this review, I have become unhappy with the quality of this polish. This polish is below average in that arena. It dries very, very quickly (10-15 mins) and leaves a nice, smooth finish, but it chips very easily, which I did not expect from a well-known brand like OPI. This polish starts chipping badly the day after application if no top or base coat is used. I have never experienced this with any of the other polishes I have used, even with cheaper polishes that you can purchase from stores like CVS. Even though I typically apply a top and base coat, which would make the polish last longer, I don't like that a bottle of polish for which I paid nearly $6 chips so badly the day after application that it looks like I've been wearing it for two weeks. I will not be purchasing this brand again simply because I can buy polish for cheaper than $6 of equal or better quality - at least as it relates to the chipping issue. I would advise using a very good top coat if you do decide to purchase this polish."
"I was really, really hoping this product would work for me. I've been using it for a few weeks now and have not noticed any difference at all around my eyes. No visibly reduced wrinkles, no firmer skin around the eye area, no help for the circles under my eyes. I do like the product is lightweight and easy to massage into the skin around the eyes."
"The proactiv products are overpriced and undersized. There are cheaper, natural skin solutions, such as rosehip oil, honey, and tea tree oil."
"I am shocked by how strongly this smells.  I actually could smell the product before I even opened the pump!  I don't mind mildly scented products - in fact, I often prefer a bit of a smell if it's natural, citrusy, minty, mildly rose-scented, etc... I only tried one pump of this, and I have a headache from the cologne smell.  It's hard to explain - it's strange, because it's called HerStyler, but I would almost characterize the fragrance as masculine.That said, it is a very beautiful bottle:  heavy glass, clear, and classy.  The serum itself doesn't seem greasy or sticky.  Too bad it's so obnoxiously scented!  I'm returning it immediately, no ifs, ands, or buts about it."
I waited so excited for this product to arrive. I received it today finally!! I was so happy. But..in the shower it made my hair feel a bit straw like..not really soft as I thought it would feel. My hair feels very dry and wacky. I regret buying this. And I wish I didnt even try it! :/I will continue to Happily Use Loreal 5 damage repair shampoo and conditioner..and most importantly aphogee shampoo and 2minute reconstructor. These actually leave my hair feeling healthy shiny nice and strong.
"i have the macadamia oil by organix and i love it so i decided to try this one, and is not that good, also it makes my hair look oily and heavy"
"This complete set is cheeap Evertyhing , too much talcom in the shadows The mascara was clumpy and barely there and the eye pencil was too dry to put on my eyes.  wont buy this again"
Did not really see any results after 2 weeks of use. I probably should have stuck it out longer...The smell is fine and the texture is light and almost gel like
This is my second time purchasing the tint/balm. The balm broke the first time I tried to use it. The tint is spotty and doesn't apply smoothly. I would not recommend this item as there are other tints out there that are better.
"Cream concealer? On what planet?When I used this under my eyes, it was so dry that it tugged the skin no matter how much concealer I used. Also, it was way too light for my skin tone, and even under my thick Clinique foundation it still created horrible.Not worth the price. It went into the trash."
"I must say, for Clearasil, this product left me disappointed. I personally have light acne, flaring up occasionally; three or four times a year. What drew me to this product was the fact that it acted both as a wash and a mask, as well as the pleasant scent.After using the the product for about a week, I no longer wish to use it further. It actually left my skin feeling dry and irritated; not clean and smooth. When I used the product as a wash, it didn't foam, leaving me second guessing whether or not I dispensed enough onto my palm.I would also like to point out that the cap is not made well. It broke this morning when closing the cap. Please, save your money and buy a different product."
I used this and the patches for about 3 months. All I got from it was softer skin. There was not even the slightest improvement.I am 5'4 135 lbs. Workout and eat right. I hate cellulite but not as much as I hate wasting money!I also think the reviews are planted. I know several friends that have used both products and not one saw any improvement. What are the odds that it did not work for any of us?
"I breakout. In other words, I have very sensitive skin. So I have to make sure to use a natural product or product that was made with good ingredients.This masks made me breakout even more. I am hating it. This just tells me that this product is made with cheap ingredients.Will never purchase it or recommend it to anyone."
"The only good thing that I can say about this product is that it absorbs well for an oil and smells pretty good.  However, it made me itch more and gave me a rash.  In addition, the bottle does not last very long so its quite costly if you want to use it continuously.  I would say two-three weeks for a daily user. I can't recommend if you have sensitive skin."
"the formula is very runny I like a thicker cream consistency to moisturize my eyes to help stop the formation of wrinkles, also it burns alittle for me the concentrations in the product are a little high for me and irritated meI will not be repurchasing anything more from this brand because I have been going the natural route and It has been working so much better for me with more results"
"very moisturing, but takes a long time to rinse, and it has an odd odor. Also the way it shoots horizontally out of the bottle is annoying it often goes right over my hand instead of down into it. I much prefer the liquid soap from Vanicream, though that product is much more expensive."
"i didn't get a chance to try it, when i opened it up to use it, the makeup was dried up so i never got to use it."
I was searching for rollers that didn't pull out my hair like the velcro rollers do.  These looked like the ones I used to use 30+ years ago but they are completely slick so my hair just slides off the ends.  Also they should have come with large bobby pins that will hold the rollers in place not the small clips.  I tried to put a clip on both ends but there isn't room for them if you are placing the rollers close together.  I don't know why they call them 'MAGNETIC'????  It's total misrepresentation.Don't waste your money.
"Maybe it's just me, but after using this curling iron, I felt like the lion in The Wizard of Oz. The curls were way too defined and my hair still had a lot of frizz. Curling with a flat iron gives me nice, smooth curls- that I just couldn't get with this curling iron. Again though, it could just be my hair type--very thick and frizzy. I'll stick with my flat iron in the future."
I found this polish much darker than pictured.  it shipped immediately but I would not recommend it. Chipped  very easily.
"The package arrived sealed and the product is not tempered.  However, after I opened it, it seems the product has been sitting somewhere for too long and it's very dry - like the mascara that you've been using for a couple of month and it's time to throw it away...The wand is very good - very slim and good for sparse lashes!  I may have got a bad batch that's been laying around for too long."
Doesnt have any company name on it. Its some china manufactured product. No matter how much product i apply the colour keeps fading in just mins and i guess i got allergic to this product. Rather spend few more bucks on a better quality eyeshadow palette than buying this.
"Nothing happened!!! No bounce, no lift, no separation. I first tried a light dusting on the top of my scalp and went about my day, my hair didn't have any extra volume. Next day I tried it on my bf, no special separation of his curls and put more on my hair and still nothing happened. So Im sending it back, I don't know what else to do."
This wig looks great in the picture. I would think I would have  gotten a mostly dark greyish color with dark green tips and ends. Nope - the wig is brown and blue - all the way through - no green or gray in it at all. Be careful - when they say the color will differ from the picture - they mean it big time!!!!
"I purchased the Cover Girl & OlayTonerehab 2-in-1, Soft Sable 175 because I had been using Cover Girl Smoothers , Soft Sable, 775, for years...and &#34;loved&#34; it.  The disappointment in the new foundation was the color.  It's nothing like the color of theSmoother.  The Smoother Soft Sable had a deep, almost mauve tinge whereas this new Soft Sable has a yellowish, or camel tone.  As a matter of fact, I will be calling the company to advise them of the important difference, and that they should not call the color of this new foundation &#34;Soft Sable,&#34;  since it's misleading to long time Smoother's users."
Very sad that i didnt get amazing results. I would actually leave this in my hair for longer than two minutes and it still did not help any. My hair is so rough and horrible split ends i dont know what to do. I will def not repurchase this!
wayyyyy too big. I look like a drag queen when I wear them even though I'm already a female. The lashes also are too long so it extends past your eye about 2 cm. Also took ages to ship because it came from China.
I haven't even worn it due to the fact that it weighs like 2 lbs and looks completely different then the photo.. Will not be buying from this company again.
"Royal jelly or bee wax, I can't see how this product can improve my skin if it stays at the surface of my skin...The only moisturizing that it can creates will be due to the barrier it creates. Why not using petroleum jelly? No preservative...Hmmm. It means that to be able to use the whole jar before it spoils (it should be in a tube) I will have to use it on my neck too. I use it on my lips, under my eyes at NIGHT and on my throat to not waste the money I used to buy it. If you don't keep this in your bathroom (not recommended for non preservatives cosmetics), be sure to have tissues on your dresser or wherever you use it, it's greasy. I don't recommend it."
Hi. I have not noticed any amazing changes in my skin. I think it is too soon for me to say for sure. I was asked to write a review so I am. I like the ease of use. The product seems to be high quality and well made. I want to see improvement in the eleven lines and horizontal lines across my forehead. I have not noticed any difference in lines and wrinkles at all. I usually give any product I try at least a three month trial. I just hope that if this gadget does not work I sure hope it does not hurt or make anything worse. I'm not sure if I should use around the eye area so I won't until I find out more about doingso. I will update. Buyer Beware. Hi. It is now October 28th. I like that I have not had any blemishes since using this product. I like the way it feels when I use it. My skin looks like it has a glow everyday and I still enjoy the way it feels. I have not noticed the 11 lines nor the forehead lines gone. I will be happy if they just do not get any worse. I will continue to use this product and will update once a month.
"did not like this red color enhancer. My daughter tried it and it did not enhance your hair bicolor, but it did make it shiny and soft. Unfortunately it dyed her scalp. It took her several washes to get rid of the color."
"You have to use a lot of this product for it to be effective, which obviously gets quite pricey. I'll continue my search for the perfect eye makeup remover."
I just love Cetaphil gentle cleanser and bought this one by mistake.  It works and that's why I gave it 2 stars but it is so STRONG smelling that I simply can not use it.  I do not have a problem with scents or perfume but this is over powering.  It's so bad that I stopped washing my face with it after one try and I cant even wash my hands with it as the smell creeps into my mouth and nose.Unless you have no sense of smell do not buy this.
The soft sides of this case ended up as a clump of extra fabric in the bottom of my bag.  Truly not something you need in your life.
was not very beneficial. i did not notice any changes in skin texture softness even skin tone. if you are looking for a serum i would say don't settle on this one.
"I never complain about products and I would have written to Bed Head themselves except they're in Europe so I'm not paying extra postage when they'll be more likely to read this anyway.I got this on recommendation for my curly hair.  The product I would say is ok for the price but it is not worth the hassle. Because i would use the product if it weren't for these issues i give it a 2.Issue 1: The pump itself you have to ""pull"" up between ""pushes"" I don't know if its because the product itself is so thick or the packaging is cheap but what is the point of an easy pump bottle if you need one hand to push and pull the pump and the other hand to hold the base down and also try and catch the product as it comes out. This applies to the shampoo and conditioner.Issue 2: I had a new shower put in 2 years ago and the drain/plumbing is brand new in this house.  After using the product for about two weeks, I noticed our drain was slower.  We freaked and used liquid plumber but it stayed slow, getting worse and worse for about a month until I put it together that it could be my new shampoo. I stopped using and within a week my drain was a little faster, and now it is as fast as it was before I used this product. Not sure if it is the conditioner or the shampoo so I'll leave this review at both places.I suppose I should be glad that the product is not watered down, that it is so thick I have to force the pump up and down, and it clogs my drain. But Bed Head shouldn't make a product that you need to water down. It was ok for my hair but with these hassles not worth the price."
"Oh, what was I thinking? Seriously unpleasant and not in a dark gothic mysterious kind of way but more of an bitter acrid sickly kind of smell that makes you want to run...not walk...to the nearest restroom. Shower mandatory. Barfing optional. Ick."
"I ordered this lipstick expecting it to be green.  After all, the lipstick looks green and its advertised as being green.  I wanted it for a Halloween outfit.But when I got the lipstick, it did look green...until I went to put it on, when it turned a brilliant red-pink.  I went back and looked and it said nothing about this lipstick changing colors, because then I thought maybe it was ""moody"" as in it changed color like a moodstone.  But it never did.So, be warned...this lipstick may look green, but it goes on pink-red and looks like any other pink-red lipstick.  Other than that, it was very creamy and long-lasting, but it was not green in the least."
"I tried this cream after reading great reviews in many magazines about it. I was excited...until I tried to use it.  The first thing is the smell.  Oh.  It's awful!  Completely fake and doesn't fade so you're stuck with the terrible, cloying tropical fragrance.  I also didn't notice that it made any real visible difference in my skin...kind of slimy and didn't sink in well.  Maybe if it didn't smell so bad I would continue to use it, but I completely wasted my money here."
"A few weeks ago, I tried the gloss for cool brunette. Here is that post:&#34;Having now completed this bottle, I can provide a full report.The first truly concerning point is the fact that while the description reads &#34;non-damaging,&#34; the print-advertisement from last month's Allure has an asterisk next to this phrase. In small print, at the bottom of the page, it reads, &#34;compared to oxidative hair colouring&#34; (52). This is deeply troubling. I had used this entire bottle without imaging that there was an asterisk involved ... an asterisk that might actual mean that this is doing real damage to hair? I have to admit, I feel a little deceived.The next concerning aspect is the REALLY strong, sort of &#34;rancid chemical&#34; smell. It is UNBELIEVABLY potent and nauseating. It is extremely hard to cope with. (This is not an odor I have ever experienced before ... I cannot even imagine how to begin describing it).For me, I did see a difference in the color of my hair. And, I also saw greyish/purple stains on my hands (that required serious, repeated scrubbing to remove it). By the end of the bottle, I noticed that the nuances and highlights of my hair had become muddled. muted, and flat.Under no circumstances can I feel comfortable in recommending this particular color ... and maybe this product. Absolutely, I will never, ever use this again. (I have a hair appointment this week ... I am hoping they can bring back some of the subtleties of my hair color. *fingers crossed*.)&#34;Since then, I visited my stylist. She instantly noticed the muddled hue of my hair. And, I was instantly scolded. I showed her this bottle and asked if it might produce better results. She highly cautioned against using such products after investing in professional services. Therefore, I would relegate the use of this product to those who use the at-home John Frieda coloring kits.Additionally, I did open this bottle (before disposing of it) ... the same &#34;rancid chemical&#34; odor is present here. For many, this odor will prohibit usage.Proceed with extreme care. It is clearly meant to complement John Frieda hair-coloring alone."
I bought this to fix my hyperpigmentation.I do not really know why this didn't work for me. But it darken my hyperpigmentation areas by 5 shades. Please do not get this. Avon Glycolic retexturing Peel is much better. I am now struggling to get rid of the darker patches.
"This perfume is so overrated. It smells OK, the scent is not lasting and is too subtle. The male scent is far better. It is barely worn. Sorry I bought it"
THESE ARE NOT THE COLORS I RECEIVED. The colors are drab and sad looking. They are dark! Such a disappointment.
"These are great dotting tools! I love how each pen has a different color swirl, so I'll be able to tell which one is which without having to pull them out to look at the tips. All but one did manage to rip through their storage bags. Not a big deal at all for me, I had planned on taking them out of the bags anyways.Edit Feb 20: So tonight while using the smallest tip (yellow swirl), the thing shattered. No idea what happened, I was using it to swirl nail polish for water marbling. I will be contacting Cheeky to complain about this."
"The bottle I got was less than 2/3 full.  I wrote to the company and they said that was normal, but it didn't seem right to me and I felt a bit ripped off.  The consistency is nice, and a little drop goes a long way, but to me it smells rancid.  For a high quality oil I thought it would smell more neutral.  I resist putting it on my face at night because I don't want to smell it or have it on my pillowcase."
"DANGEROUS! Mine started to burn I looked at the bottle(packaging has no expiration) and it has an expiration of 5/2! I purchased this in late Oct/Nov 2013. What a rip off and I fear this is risky! This stuff is ON your eyes, maybe it was safe new but who knows what it does expired. If that wasn't the expiration date then THERE ISN'T ONE, which is even worse in my opinion. Only way to get a return is to ship the stuff back, ridiculous waste of time and money. I saw no other way to contact seller. Buy at your own risk!"
"Again, the As I Am line is yet another attempt to capitalize on the natural hair movement and doing as Curly Nikki said on the Steve Harvey radio show this morning, &#34;disrespecting your finances&#34;.As long as you're buying sulfate and paraben free products OR better yet, making your own gels you can't go wrong, no need to spend exorbitant amounts of money on hair care products.  Why did I steer away from my own advice?  Well, being a recovering product junkie, every now and then I see something that opens my nose and I get curious, soooo, I fell for this.Does it work as a HOLDING gel, NO.  I have a multi-level head of hair from 3c at the crown to 4a in the front and 4b around the sides....yeah its a mess!  So it did not hold down my 4a and 4b curls around the front of my face.  I had to follow it up with my Eco-style gel.Does it give your hair shine, yes. So that's the best thing I can say about it.And while I'm at it, I feel a little rant coming on.  Why do they always make black hair care products smell like some sickeningly sweet candy or fruity bubble gum?  It's like some cheap incense from a 1970's pimp mobile, its awful. (That's how this stuff smells)  Offer a fragrance free option.  OK, all done."
"A few of the heads have detached. Approximately 5 of the brushes are usable, the ones in the smaller size. I properly dry my brushes with brush guards and still these come apart. Would not repurchase or buy again."
"Clear Scalp and Hair Intense Hydration Nourishing Mask smells great. But, that's all of the praise that I can give this product. This product feels too thin to be an &#34;intense hydration&#34; mask. It actually just feels like regular, run of the mill conditioner.I used this product in place of my usual, weekly hair mask. My hair definitely felt drier and it looked frizzier and puffier when using this product. On the plus side, this product did help to cover up the medicinal smell of my coal tar shampoo.I would only recommend this product to someone with very thin, straight hair. For someone with thick hair, this product isn't useful."
"I was in need of some new shampoo. When I saw the Vine program was offering this, I challenged my assumption that a Suave shampoo was not good because it is so inexpensive.The shampoo has a pleasant smell, not too fruity or strong as many are these days, and so I hope to like it. It lathered up quite well and was pleasant to shampoo with. However, as I started to rinse it out, my hair felt slick, as if I'd already put conditioner it, and that didn't let up.I wanted to give this shampoo a fair test, so since I normally use conditioner, I did use my regular one. Then, I let my hair air dry to see how it would look. I often let my hair air dry, and that's a good test of a new hair product.The verdict, as you probably deduced from the moment you saw one single star above, is awful. My hair looks stringier, thinner, and less shiny than it normally does.I see others quite like this shampoo. FYI: My hair is thin, fine, and dyed with semi-permanent dye. It didn't work for me, and frankly, I was quite surprised at just how bad it was. I am rather sorry my assumptions weren't challenged by this product. I'd love to spend less on shampoo! This? I'll probably use it to wash fabric."
"If you want longer/thicker lashes you do not need to spend copious amounts of money.  Olive oil, does EXACTLY the same thing.  All our eyelashes needs is moisture and a little oil.  Try it you will be surprised."
I am basing my review on the fact that the packaging is lousy and came without a seal or shrink wrap around the bottle or the box it was in. Anyone could tamper with this bottle. It arrived on time and was put into a small brown flat outer cardboard box and shipped via Amazon with another unrelated small item inside. That box too was not fully taped and barely close on one side.. It's as if everything was haphazardly thrown together. I'll test the product out and see if it seems OK to use but based on how it was shipped I will not be purchasing it again.
Given all the great reviews I was disappointed in this cream. It was heavy and left my greasy. The SPF smell is horrible. Cause me to break out and made my roseaca flare up. I could probably use this as a cream for my hands when going to the beach but that's about it.
"I purchased these from Sally's a few months back, and attempted to apply a set of Acrylic Nails, they fell apart and the acrylic stuck to them badly. I'd recommend they only get used for applying designs with paint (which I did not try)"
I use gel polish and you are supposed to soak off gel polish with acetone. This acetone did not soak off very well. Cutex acetone worked much better. I was just looking for something cheaper than the gelish harmony acetone remover so I tried this.
I don't like this .. When you put this on your hair line to cover gray you can see it. It looks thick and fake.. Like charcoal
"I wanted to skip a step in the morning and have a brush and blowdryer in one. this does not do that, it is too weak to dry your hair, so it adds a step, so I sent it back."
I really be very disappointed it changed nothing.  ABSOLUTELY nothing happens. Its like A Water . I would not recommend.
"Took a chance on this based on the reviews.  This product dried out my hair, leaving it heavy and a bit sticky."
"i was excited for this, but when i received it i noticed it was rather large. i have fairly short hair so obviously it wasn't going to work. but even putting in rather thick and long extensions it still didn't help at all, the bun was still too big! even on others who all have different lengths and styles of hair it was useless. its pretty much just a useless black donut. ):"
"This lotion is very irritating to my skin.  I remembered not liking this lotion but couldn't remember why, until I put some on my arms as a test. It began to sting right away.  It was still stinging after I washed it off.  I was really surprised because I do not have sensitive skin at all, including my face.  Even with other Oil of Olay products.  I really don't understand the high rating.  It must bother others.  I do not care for the fragrance either."
a poor item. wont buy again. lipstains dont work for me obviously. A waist of money for me. Had a funky smell about it too. Wont use again.
"If I could give this zero stars, I would.  These shipped so slow I actually was confused about what it was in the mail when it came for me.  They shipped me about 3 or 4 shower caps, not 40 like I ordered and they are completely small and flimsy and all shriveled up.  I am so disappointed with this purchase.  DO NOT BUY THESE! Walgreens carry a brand call &#34;Donna&#34; clear shower caps that are actually pretty good.  I wish I had known this before I ordered these."
This did not work at all for me. I could not figure out how to use it. Maybe that's just me...but my daughter-in-law said the same thing.
"The ingredients are as follows:Water, cetyl alcohol, propylene glycol, sodium lauryl sulfate, stearyl alcohol, methylparaben, propylparaben, butylparaben.Far from ""gentle"" are the above listed, however, they are common in many products. Sodium Lauryl Sulphate is a harsh surfacant, Propylene gylcol is a KNOWN skin irritant. Obviously there is a lot of alcohol too.The parabens are all preservatives and the most disturbing. Methyparaben is known to cause breast cancer AND""The October 3, 2006, issue of Toxicology published a study that shows when skin treated with creams that contain methylparaben was exposed to the sun's UVB rays, the skin cells died and there was considerable oxidative stress on the skin's tissue. Oxidative stress, according to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, is responsible for a number of disease processes, including cancer.""If you're male and you THINK you're safe think again""Parabens, including methylparaben, have estrogenic affects on the body, which means they can affect the reproductive glands. The January 2009 issue of Reproductive Toxicology reports that there is a probable interaction between parabens and the health and activity of cells in the testes, meaning a possible decrease in sperm production in males.""I purchased this due to my sensitive skin. I have never displayed an allergy to ANYTHING skin related before I just have a bit of dryness from some products. I dont have many allergies, and certainly not skin allergies.I have used Cetaphil bars in the past with little concern. I figured liquid wash might be better. But I turned into a puffy looking lobster color anywhere it touched within 2 min of rinsing. I had to spend 24 hours inside until my skin calmed and take benadryl.This reaction confused my dermatologist tremendously as he recommends cetaphil to his patients with allergies. He said there must be some questionable ingredients within Cetaphil cleanser. This is the point I looked the above information up, and although I quoted Livestrong for information I found many instances and actual case studies.I'm left flabbergasted. Just beware that even though its marked ""mild"" thats due to it not having fragrance, and there are some harsh, potentially dangerous ingredients inside. I personally ended up moving onto home made, unscented cold process soap for my face."
"I received a free tube of Cotz Pediatric in the mail.  Being that the word ""Pediatric"" is part of the name of this product, I assumed that this would be a good sunscreen for my children.  My son has some recent scars on his face and I have been applying sunscreen liberally to this area every time he is in the sun to prevent permanent scarring.  I used this product on a Friday afternoon and noticed some rash by Friday evening.  Saturday morning he woke up with a red itchy rash all over his face!  Even two days later, he still has a bit of this rash on his face.  Interestingly, there is no rash anywhere else and I applied this product only on his face.I will not use this product again."
"The Proactiv products are overpriced and undersized. There are more natural and cheap ways to help problem skin, such as honey."
"I have been coloring my hair for years and use color 6G - light golden brown.  A friend at work recommended the John Frieda foam saying it was easy to apply.  I made the mistake of trying it -- my hair is now dark brown with a LOT of red, no gold.  It is an awful looking, very fake color and nowhere near light golden brown.  Seriously - the red looks like red magic marker, especially on the gray hair.  I processed for 30 minutes on the gray as recommended in the directions.  To top it off, the grey is not adequately covered so it is red and gray.  Too bad it isn't football season -- I would fit right in at an Ohio State game.I did not find this product any easier to use, it took longer, didn't cover the gray and the color is not even close to what is described.  It is so RED.Unless you want red hair, I suggest staying away from this product."
i've been using this for 3 weeks now..don't see any difference except it gives a shine to the hair..doesn't seem to control any frizz at all. Won't be buying it again.
It smells good but I don't like the fact that it has parabens and the &#34;burning&#34; sensation on my scalp is a little much.
I have a Revlon eyelash curler from several years ago that is wonderful and this is not similar. I didn't need to replace my old curler but wanted 2 curlers (one for my makeup at home and one for travel or purse). I thought this would be similar since it looks like my original Revlon one but it is not at all. The handle for your fingers is very awkward- I'm talking it's hard for me to use because the handles are so spread out and slide together weirdly. I am a fairly petite woman but I feel this would be a similar problem for most women. The handles themselves are at an awkward angle so it's weird trying to move the curler to get your eyelashes in it. I literally thought I was going to hurt my eye trying it. Very disappointing - just going to stick to my one curler.The product itself seemed well made and had extra curler pads. I guess that's nice if you replace them but I never do - I just use baby oil (buy small travel size at Target) to get the mascara off then rinse with hand soap and water. Then I thoroughly dry before using. I have used that method since I first bought my curler MANY years and it cleans the curler pad like it's new. No need to waste money on replacements and it curls just as great as always.I wouldn't suggest this curler for anyone. Seems like Revlon tried to improve their curler but it's been at the expense of making it difficult to use.
"I have fair skin that tends to burn very easily, so I am very careful about my sunscreen.  I had heard great things about this sunscreen, and I originally ordered the SPF 45 on Amazon, but it never arrived.  So, I ended up buying bottles of it at my local grocery store.My initial conclusion?  The sunblock was fantastic!It wasn't too oily, as far as high SPF sunscreens go, and it absorbed into my skin within minutes, leaving a soft (almost powdery) finish.  It didn't flake off or look ghastly white at SPF 45 either, though the SPF 55 did both.  It did look a bit shiny, which I found strange since it felt powdery, but, honestly, most people couldn't tell I was wearing sunscreen, even though I generally caked it on.I did notice (having purchased the SPF 55 and the SPF 45) that the higher the SPF the thicker and oiler the sunscreen got.  The SPF 55 felt MUCH heavier than the SPF 45.Unfortunately, the SPF 45 started to make my skin sting when I put it on, and the SPF 55 absolutely made my skin burn.  At first, I thought it was because my skin was getting sensitive from my retinol night cream, but I tried using the sunscreen after I'd discontinued using the cream, and it still left my skin stinging and irritated.  In fact, the last time I used the SPF 55, it left my skin blotchy and red for days, particularly around my eyes.  The SPF 45 hasn't left my skin feeling as painful, but still leaves it sensitive to the touch and super easily irritated/irritable.Maybe I'm just allergic or my skin doesn't agree with something in this product, but I would be careful.  I haven't had this problem with other sunscreens I've used before or since, including Banana Boat and Shiseido products."
"It's okay- I don't like how it makes me nail polish chip/peel faster. It feels really heavy on my fingers, too."
"This ""treatment"" seemed like nothing more than regular conditioner in a fancy block container with an appealing label. This ""treatment"" was extremely thin. I though it was going to be richer, creamier, and thicker. It was not at all.And I actually slept with my hair saturated in this stuff. I rinsed it out in the morning, & I felt no difference in the texture of my hair. And if there was a difference, it was not noticeable to the naked eye.Pantene conditioners are pretty good, but next time I will just stick to purchasing my conditioner in one of those longer slimmer bottles....its cheaper. :)"
"First, I didn't expect a bottle that small for the price and it came with a darn pump! Cosmetics with a pump are such a waste because you never get to the end without unscrewing the top from the bottle, then the product is going on your counter top...Second, it's a simple conditionner. I used it every 3 days and didn't see a difference on my damaged hair. I would obtain the same thing using a conditioner after my shampoo. Hair looks nice but it won't it didn't make my hair stronger. It didn't work on mine and now, I return to the previous natural treatment that I used to do once a week. A lot more messier than the fancy product but gave results. I don't recommend it."
"since victoria's secret discontinued their soft focus foundation I have been on the hunt for a replacement. i kept hearing wonderful things about revlons colorstay so i decided to try this out. SO Disappointing.maybe i got a bad bottle but the formula is so thick and it sets so fast i dont see how anyone can blend it. i use a brush/sponge and as im swirling the brush on my face to get it to blend its drying up on me. i tried mixing mine with a bit of lotion to lighten up the feel and maybe make it a bit more blendable but all i managed to do was take away all the coverage. the only good thing i can say is that it doesnt come off, once on its on and lasts maybe 3-5 hours before getting cakey. this has got to be the worst foundation i have ever bought i will not be buying this again....."
"Like the perfume but the scent does not last long. I wish it would stay long, if it would than I would be satisfied with the scent."
purchased & haven't noticed very much of a difference beside people commenting i smell nice (this is an unscented blend) - most of the reviews on here are from the rewards program over a love potion perfumerie!the only reason i'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do offer stellar customer service & plenty of yummy perfume samples with your purchase!i'd probably purchase perfume from them but am not sold on whether pheros really work in general (purchased several from different vendors)
Makes my hair really greasy.
"This item, although may be good for some skin types, makes my sensitive? skin burn like the dickens. do not like."
"My mom bought this masque for me when I told her I needed more. I initially bought this from Walgreens,com, and still had quite a bit left over. I opened the new one, and it smelled different, was a different texture, and a different color. Like everyone else is saying, the price is too good to be true. It also does not work on the hair nearly as well as the real masque.You might as well go with an inexpensive drugstore hair masque, because this is not worth the money for a counterfeit item. Who knows what is actually in here."
"It seemed Covergirl and Olay will be good brand combination but it didn't really work me. The paraben in the product had already made me biased against it. It just sits on the skin and makes it slippery, the foundation doesn't stay long."
"I was excited to try out this moisturizer for the Vine program because I have heard quite a bit about the new Simple line. Boy what a disappointment this is. It should be labeled as a sunscreen not moisturizer. It is pretty thick in consistency and has the smell of sunscreen which I can't stand. I don't mind the smell when I know I will be spending the day in the sun and have slathered myself in sunscreen but it does bother me for every day wear.I have normal skin (not too oily and not too dry). This product left me feeling dry and itchy after about 30 minutes. The previous moisturizer I was using has broad spectrum SPF 25, I will be sticking with that. What a disappointment!"
"First of all, the DVD in it is so old that it will not play on any type of new technology.  The instruction booklet is an overview, so that was no help.  I had to go to YouTube.  I still couldn't get figure out what 1/2 of the items do, and the only one I did like was the monkey claws and they broke with in a month (they look easy enough to make on my own).  I would not recommend this to anyone, it is a waste of time and effort.  It so sad too, I remember see an infomercial years ago on this and always wanted it. So, so, so diaspointed."
I didn't notice any special smoothing effect with this conditioner. Does not have that great of a scent and does not feel very smooth or moisturizing when you put it on your hair. It also does not leave my hair feeling moisturized. It is only a 9 ounce tube and I see no reason why I would buy it again.
Eh don't waste your money unless you know how to apply. Its harder than it appears. Will not purchase anymore
"I didn't find this hydrating at all but what really disturbed me was the scent. The description states it is light, natural and not flowery. The lavender scent was so strong I had to wash the lotion off. They say it is just essential oils but it smelled as strong as synthetic perfumes often do. I had to return it."
"I used this product for a few weeks without noticing anything wrong with it, but then realized that the design would smudge off on anything it touched! Will not repurchase."
"these rollers, while they heat up fast also cool down fast.  The curls don't stay in my hair long.  Also I don't like that there are no on/off switches.  I didn't have any problems with the clips.  They didn't leave a mark in my hair."
"I ended up returning this. I had purchased it with  the lotion, but the scent was just awful. Really, really bad. It permeated my skin, so even when I washed it off, the scent still lingered."
"Not much I can use, really, since a lot of these face creams have at least one ingredient which makes Rosacea worse. Derm told me to stick to Rx which I've used for years, but it dries out my skin. I keep trying new stuff to moisturize and maybe rejuvenate. But this new stuff is not good for my skin, which always was delicate to begin with."
"I've purchased these in the past and they were great. These seemed very large, too large to use as pony tail holders for my thing hair. But they are so pretty/dressy"
"The orange container of this brand is much better, I bought this one and absolutely hate it! It flakes like mad! If I forget and don't wash it off at night I will wake up with just blood shot eye's in the morning. It's awful. I do not recommend it, obviously. Ick."
I haven't seen any reduction in split ends at all. I just feel like I've been spraying around chemicals with no benefit whatsoever. Will be trying something more natural next time.
Spend a little more money on a different one. The handle won't stay on the brush at all. It falls off. I got two and they are both like that. Just get a different one.
"Waste of money! Does not do anything to your skin. Like one person said before, it's just like putting water on your face. Overrated."
"I bought the 3 step system, and it stripped my hair so bad it felt worse than what it claim to help.  I used my sister's Garnier Frutis to bring my hair back to the state it already was.  I just don't recommend this to anyone!  BEWARE!!!"
"used this for one month but does nothing for puffy eyes, i even bought the repelnishing eye cream but its been waste of money"
I was SO hopeful about this purchase...unfortunately my super finicky skin broke out in little white bumps after using this. I'm probably just allergic to one of the ingredients. I'm happy other people have had better luck! But my hunt continues...
I use to use this moisturizer everytime after I washes my face and it never left me moisturized. I always still had dry flaky skin right after using this product.
"I just bought this because of the hype! I love the Super Slim tip applicator, but the staying power sucks! I am at home wearing my cat eye lines in an air conditioned house and part of my cat eye liner wing is smudged off. I can't even imagine wearing this outside in this hot humid summer weather. I can try to seal it with my Makeup Forever Aqua seal to make it stay put all day. But this should never be labeled 12H liquid liner because its false advertisement."
"First and foremost you use a lot of acetone to fill these little buggers. Mainly it is a waster of time and money. They do leak on your fingers so don't fling them around, the acetone evaporates and you have to basically fill all ten because you cannot fill five and reuse them. They are way too tight for your thumb, etc. and if all you want to do is make it easier to dissolve the gel...wrap them in cotton and tin foil."
"After reading so many positive reviews, I decided to give this powder a try since it is so reasonably priced.  I like the packaging and the amount of product is generous, but the powder is too light and makes me look pale.  I also notice white spots if I don't rub it into my skin.  What's odd is that the description says &#34;masks fine lines&#34; and mine look more prominent after applying this powder, especially my frown lines.  I really wanted this to work, so I continued to use it for 2 weeks, but it's not for me. Fortunately, it didn't cost too much."
Wow. It doesn't even heat up! A curling iron has one job: to heat up. I can literally hold it in my hand while it's on the hottest setting and it just feels like skin temperature. Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it. Spare yourself the time and effort and go with a curling iron that costs just a few more bucks.
"Said a lot of times. This product is a commodity the failure I buy in the Amazon. After receiving the goods after using a period of time, will reflect the commodity problems. It is a little effect not. Give me the business then replied, differ from man to man the merchandise. I don't understand, how many people you need to feedback says this commodity not effect a little, you will recognize that it is really no effect. So, really do not want to how much of what, if you can, or give me a refund. This is useful."
"I have never owned a Clarisonic, but I do have any Olay brush that I use in the system.  I wanted to try this product to see how it stacked up to that one.  And, it doesn't compare.First, as so many reviews have pointed out, it cannot be used in the shower.  So, I have to keep this device by the sink where I use it at night rather than in the shower where I can use it in the morning. This means that it is in the way much of the time. I am not someone who enjoys spa experiences or who wants to spend a lot of time with my self-care routine.  There are a lot of attachments and they are supposed to do a lot, but I don't see the point.  Give me something that cleans my face and let me move on. My face does feel clean after using it, more so than just using the facial sponge I used before, so it does work.  However, it takes a lot of time.  And, the case isn't even designed to easily hold all the attachments.  There is one less place to hold the attachments than there are attachments.  Could the designers of this product not count.  That makes keeping everything in place and closing the case with everything in it difficult at times.If someone wants a spa experience and has a good chunk of time to deal with this device, then they might enjoy it.  However, I wouldn't recommend it for anyone else."
"I have coarse porous hair and this takes the color out!!!! In fact if I make a mistake and the color goes too dark this is my go to shampoo for fading it fast! It does a good job of conditioning and your hair does shine, but it is also designed to keep color in which it does not for coarse hair.  This should stipulate on the label that this is not intended for coarse hair!"
I used to buy this product at drugstores and was glad to find it again. BUT the teeth are falling out of mine - many on the bathroom floor with each use. It will soon be without teeth altogether and useless. Next time I'll pay more and hpoefully get a better product!!
"I have pretty dry skin.  This lotion doesn't truly absorb into the skin and moisturize.  Instead it sits on top of your skin.  How do I know this?  Because when I shower at the end of the day, all the lotion residue washed off.  Kind of gross.  I would've returned it if I could :)"
I really wanted to like this product.  I used it for 30 days and unfortunately did not realize any results. The cream had an odd smell but that was easy to get over. . I really wanted to get results from this product however I did not notice any difference.
"""L'Oreal Paris Age Perfect BB Cream Instant Radiance, Light/Medium"" looked like it would be perfect for ivory or very fair skin tones.  The soft, pale petal pink color disappeared nicely when applied as a test to my inner wrist.  Then, I applied this BB Cream to my face!  Almost immediately the color changed to a sickly, yellow-orange that was similar to the color produced by self-tanning products in the early 1970's.""L'Oreal Paris Age Perfect BB Cream Instant Radiance, Light/Medium"" was a major disappointment.  Although it was not too heavy and applied smoothly, the resulting color was atrocious.  The jaundiced look is less than desirable.  The fragrance of ""L'Oreal Paris Age Perfect BB Cream Instant Radiance, Light/Medium"" is quite strong.  That might have been tolerable, if the product had not resulted in a sickly appearance.  Further, based on the packaging, it does not appear this product is hypo-allergic.I cannot recommend ""L'Oreal Paris Age Perfect BB Cream Instant Radiance, Light/Medium"".  The radical color change when applied to skin is unacceptable."
boo. i swear i only got 3 of one of the shades of blue. of well it was super cheap.
"I do hair,dreadlocks specifically and I normally use yellow shea butter mixes.i tried mixes with these n my guests complain that it leaves white flakes in their hair,which is true so I won't be using this again in hair,I'm sure it won't be too bad for the skin though because it melts"
I was really excited about getting a wig with long hair. So when I got this one and put it on looked so fake. My husband and kids laughed at meAnd told me not to wear in public. It doesn't look so fake if you put hat on over it.
"This thing stalls out on my acrylic nails, and yet it actually burned me when I tried it on my natural toe nails (apparently, I wasn't moving it around enough, or maybe my toe nails are flimsy), so I really don't know what you're supposed to use it for. I'm not happy with it, but it's not the kind of thing you can really return once you've used it. I don't know, maybe you can, but I didn't try.So it sits there, neatly and quietly charging til I figure out if it will work for my polymer clay stuff. It probably will, but since I bought it for nails and it won't work for that, I can't rate it very highly."
"I bought this and regret it. It may work out well for shorter hair, but not below shoulder length hair. The plates leave a straight line in your hair when you try to make a curl."
"made of thin plastic. it actually looks good but if it breaks right away, it's just a waste of money. mine broke while I was just trying to put on a shirt. it doesn't look this flimsy online. you might wanna get a head band at the mall or at a store where you can really see the quality."
"Someone let me use their Miracle II soap that needed to be mixed before use - and it worked great, so I came online and bought what I thought was the same product, and this wasn't it. It stripped my skin and made me break out. Also, I think that listing prayer as an ingredient is odd and frankly, manipulative."
"The description says it ""contains 100% pure"" argan oil, not that it IS 100% Argan oil. So they don't lie per se it is just misleading unless you really pay attention.I bought this at Sally's Beauty while I was out of Moroccan oil (which isn't anywhere near 100% a than oil either) because I liked the smell. I'm also going to say something controversial here. I like the feeling or silicone type products in my hair, I don't entirely care if something isn't 100% oil for an everyday smoothing type of product.Hair is dead matter from the time it comes out of your head. You can't make something dead healthy. Dead things are dry and lack moisture, think of dried rose petals. You can't make them alive and healthy again, you can't resurrect hair, so essentially you're just doing what you can to make it look and feel healthy and alive, like reconstituting dried fruit in water. You do that with oil, which is why your own scalp coats hair with oil and why brushing your hair to distribute that natural oil before washing hair is so important.So here's what I do. I use whatever product makes my hair feel and look the best (isn't that what we care about anyway?) and once a week I wash my hair with a clarifying shampoo to remove all of the build up and cones that have sat on top making it look smooth, and after it dries I apply a mixture of 100% natural oils, jojoba, coconut, and Argan with vitamin E added. I then shampoo my hair. The silicone products help to lock in that good moisture. I use the same theory and mix with my skin, applying the oil after exfoliating and then coating areas like knees or elbows and feet with Vaseline to lock in the oils. It has 100% changed my hair and skin."
This stuff is no better than any ten percent benzoyl peroxide you can buy at Walmart. It is just way more expensive.
"If you want a good covering foundation this isn't it. It's too drying and doesn't cover all that well. Even my hyperpigmentation on my face can't get covered so don't even bother. It made my skin flake so it turned out to look bad though maybe a little moisturizer might help, but I still don't like it."
"Okay, I am not a regular tanner. I usually use tan wipes or go into the salon for a spray.With that said, this was a COMPLETE mess. I'm not sure I got a product that works or what happened.The mitt has two sides - a brown side and a white side. I read the directions twice. It says to use the soft side which I assumed was the brown side. I used the product on the brown side and ended up with completely brown fingers. Both sides have no lining. I didn't have gloves on hand and so I then tried to use a small zip-lock type baggie under the mitt. This allowed my hands not to be covered in product but I had a hard time keeping the mitt on with a baggie.I must not have gotten a working product. The product was complete liquid. Every time I turned over, the cap sprayed everywhere. I had to then wipe down my bathroom. By the time I had covered just my legs, 10 minutes had passed. I then proceeded to turn over the product & put it on the mitt and it took forever.I think I was sent a product that was missing the spray. I see a spray cap in the photo but I didn't receive one. Mine had just a regular cap like a shampoo/conditioner product. You had to turn it over and dump it on the mitt.My body took 30 minutes and was a streaky mess. I kept trying to rub it in but it would dry so quickly and the mitt kept absorbing more and more of the product.After the 30 minutes it took to cover my body the bathroom was a mess. I had used about 1/2 the product or more and I was totally brown - like I had spent a month in the Cancun sun without sun block. I looked awful. I am Greek and normally have medium tone skin but this was over the top. Perhaps I used too much product?I gave up and took a shower. What a waste of time and money. I then had to clean the bathroom walls, wipe down everything and wash my bathroom rug.I am hoping I don't wind up with brown/orange fingers since they were soaked before I  used the baggy.How is this a 5-star product? I read the directions three times and couldn't figure it out."
"I've used this product for several years now, but it isn't working very well lately.  The main problem is that there's very few bubbles and I found I was having to use more and more product to get my dishes and pans clean.  The consistency appears to be the same, but it just doesn't clean.  In fact, this is my main complaint with most all of the Mrs. Meyers products I've used.  They smell nice but don't do much beyond that.  I feel like I'm using a product that was devised for a reniassance home - lots of perfume to cover the bad smells, but no cleaning power.  What a let down.Update: Thanks Christopher Davis for the confirmation that the formula was changed by the manufacturer.  It was pretty good prior to the change.  Not so much so now.  I still stand by my review!"
"When I first squeezed out a bit of this sunscreen, I noticed that it had separated in the tube.  There was a very clear liquid and a solid white cream that were not mixed together.  I tried shaking the tube vigorously, but that didn't seem to help much.Because of the strange consistency, I decided to try just a little bit of the sunscreen on my hands, as a test before putting it on my face or arms.  Unfortunately, the scent was so strong that I had a headache after ten minutes, and I had to wash it off before I was able to actually test it outside to see if it prevented sunburn.  I am fairly sensitive to strong smells, so other people might not have this problem if they are ok with scents.  I will say that it seemed like a fairly natural smell; it reminded me of being stuck inside a greenhouse or surrounded by drying herbs.Needless to say, given the strong scent and the consistency issues, I won't be using this product."
"I rarely ever return items because it's such a hassle. But this, is being returned immediately. The idea is actually very good- it has a side heater to heat up the clips as well as the rollers, a feature I've never seen before. However, the clips do not hold- at least not in my long hair. No matter how many times I tried, the rollers would always fall out within a few seconds. Even when I stayed completely still (very difficult when putting in the remaining rollers) they would still fall out. They never stayed in long enough for me to see how well the curlers worked."
"I love this product, however the supplier is the absolute worst I've ever encountered. This product should have been sent to me 2 weeks ago and I've still not received it. I had to send out 2 messages before they bothered to tell me it was on back order. If you can find this product from another supplier, DO SO."
"I think I may have received a defective Waver. It took FOREVER to heat, the lights in our house were flickering (newer house, newer wiring), and it smelled funny. When I tried to use it, when it seemed warmer, it did some waves. On handling it, its pretty big and bulky I had a hard time using it right handed."
"Complete waste of money. Doesn't last a month with less than normal use. With normal use will be gone in 2-3 weeks. Doesn't work at all. It leaves your scalp feeling slimey and nasty and your hair feeling like straw. Total waste of money. I did not even see the slightest improvement--I used it for several months too. All the other crap in it must lessen the potency of the Minoxidil, either that, or its a really crappy quality grade minoxidil. Do yourself a favor and get Costco or CVS brand minoxidil or real Rogaine instead."
"I do not recommend this product, because does not make sense, are to big to use it as 3D stickers and too small to use as complete sticker"
"I was disappointed in this product. It didn't help with blemishes it dried out my skin and made any spot bright red. I like some of their other products, this one just isn't very good for me. Maybe it's just to strong for my skin type."
"Clean by Zirh is not a bad product. However, after using it for 2-3 weeks, some rashes appeared on my face. I discontinued its use and after a while decided to get back to it, with the same odd results.I really believe it can be helpfull for some people, maybe those ones that have oily skin, but definetly not for me."
"I bought this product 5 months ago and it has already stopped working. Contacted Farouk but because I purchased this from Amazon and not a salon Farouk does not honor the return/repair policy. This is the second Chi hairdryer I have had, the first one stopped blowing hot air after 1 year, again Farouk did not offer a any replacement option because the model number does not qualify for replacement. $100 is not a lot for a hairdryer but in less then 17 months I have had to shell out $200 for hair dyers, could have bought a really nice dyer for that price. Loved the way it made my hair feel but not worth having to replace so often. Ended up going to my salon and getting a dryer that will be covered if it breaks for a lot less and my hair feels great."
"It seemed like it was opened already when. I got it, but I'm cheap and I used it anyways. The color isn't very bright (silver starlet) and it came off after a few hours anyways. The other colors were good, but this one was just kind of meh. But whatever floats your boat I guess."
"I used to really love Bare Minerals..... until I found out about the ingredient Bismuth Oxychloride. At first my face LOVED this stuff. But after a few months of using it I noticed that when I wore it my face would be itchier then usual. I also started breaking out a LOT more then usual. It wasn't until I did some investigative work that I found out about that Bismuth ingredient and how heavy it is on your face. The whole reason you have to BUFF the makeup on is because the Bismuth Oxychloride is so heavy that it needs to be PUSHED into your skin. I noticed that my makeup felt and eventually looked like it slid off my face BECAUSE of how heavy it really is (you wouldn't think it was a heavy makeup being that it's mineral powder!)I stopped using this stuff and IMMEDIATELY saw a difference in my face. It went from being ruddy looking to clean and clear and glowing. I switched my makeup to Alima Mineral makeup and WHAT a difference! For one thing you don't have to BUFF the stuff onto your face, and I feel you get SO much more powder for the price (Which is about the same as Bare Minerals!) The whole reason it feels like you get so much more is because you use a lot LESS! I LOVE Alima Mineral Makeup!"
"Although the Amazon page promoted this product as protecting against both UVA and UVB, it only protects against sunburn but NOT against aging effects of the sun or skin cancer.  I had to look up the active ingredients to figure it out, then I realized that the label on the jar also warns of this (even though Amazon's page said the opposite).  Who wants wrinkles or skin cancer?  Forget this product and shop around, Amazon offers dozens of broad spectrum products."
"this palette have lots of shade to choose from, this is the reason why I bought this, I though with this palette I would be able to conceal under eye, highlight and contour, well...didn't work, it is to thick,  and too dry. I guess if you know how to work with it, it might be fine but I was not about to rub so much my face in order to get it to look decent."
All five of the pens were the same purple so all of the tips are identical. I took them all and put them in a little jar and threw away four of the pens because it was just taking up space. I've only tried to use this a few times and found it to work okay. I'd rather use an orange wood stick wrapped in cotton or a q-tip but they're not super terrible.
Poor quality truly disposable use them and throw them away.  They have a flimsy thread that holds them together so hard to put on take off and keep there shape.
"I went to Sephora asking for some samples of sweat-proof foundation. When I posted on thie message board, a user recommended this. I tend not to like BB Creams very well, because they give almost no coverage. But I was willing to give a try. So I got a sample of this from Sephora.I really don't like this BB cream. There are a few reasons why. First, this comes in only one shade. It claims to be for every skintone. But I don't think it really is. The cream itself is almost a greyish color. When I first applied it, it looked AWFUL. It basically made me look like I was dead. Given a little time, it did adjust somewhat to my skin, but I've had much better color matches with other foundations.2nd, I would describe this as sheer to light coverage. It is definitely NOT medium coverage. Due to a genetic disease, I have a lot of redness and small bumps on my face. They make me self-conscious, so I like to cover them up. But I don't want to look like I'm wearing a ton of makeup. Even after applying two layers, you could still clearly see the redness under the makeup. Even then, it looked thick and cakey.I also think that this is way overpriced. In my opinion, it's not even mediocre.If you are someone who needs very little coverage, I would recommend this BB cream. But if you have anything you want to hide, this simply won't do the trick. You are better off looking elsewhere. I will probably end up throwing away the sample, and will not purchase a full-sized bottle."
Hated it. I use eye lash primer and face primer from oiling. It still gave me the panda look. What a shame...
"I need to send it back now, I turned the light on and flickers, never stays on, it is more like a torture light than anything else. quite annoying.  Not happy"
I bought one for myself and a few others for friends.  Big mistake!  It didn't do waht I thought it would do - which is evenly and gently space my toes.  It hurt extremely bad and I ended up tossing all of them.
"I have to say that we've tried a number of Just for Me products now and none of them have wowed me yet. They all seem to be lacking in what they promise.This creme is the same. It is thick and gel like and you don't need much. But it goes on (even if applied carefully) like glue. It is difficult to wash out and leaves hair looking somewhat uneven, greasy looking and dirty.It is even more difficult to wash it off your hands when you are done.I'm just not pleased with how it works."
"I find the smell to be a bit unpleasant, which is problematic as it tends to linger for quite some time.  As a face lotion it's just OK... I've essentially stopped using it as the smell outweighs it's usefulness to me."
"As many of the other reviewers have stated, yes, this is more like a concealer and not really what I'd call a cream. The color & texture of this is like a medium colored yellow based foundation. I'm fair skinned & I don't really have dark circles too badly and when I put this underneath my eyes, it actually emphasized what dark circles I did have.Also, I didn't notice any improvement with the start of any fine lines I do have.Just doesn't work for me."
"Okay so here's my problem I have long nail beds. So even though I keep my nails short - no nails over my finger tips- the full nail stamps are just too short. I hate it. What the point of buying fun full nail stamps when they don't even work!BUT I have no transfer problems. The indents are deep enough so the design always transfers which is good. I have no problems with their smaller,, single designs.Overall this stamp kit works get but the designs are just too small for my nails."
"I am really unimpressed with this mascara and it irritates me that it makes every ""Best of Beauty"" list. It is watery and the brush is too small. When I apply this mascara, it does little to build volume or length. I also find that it smudges as the day goes on and ends up straying into the crease under my lower lash line. Not a good look. I'm giving it two stars because it is moderately better than no mascara at all and it did not irritate my eyes. However, if you're looking for a drugstore mascara, I recommend Covergirl Lashblast in either the Fusion or the original orange tube."
These are definitely not worth the time it took for them to get to me... I tried one on as soon as I got them and was being gentle to mold it to my finger but as soon as I put it back in the case and closed the top it was smushed and the foil cracked even though I flattened it to its prior position.. It's too easy to mess these up even if you're careful :( very disappointed
"I love Retinol and have used it many times so I do have experience with it. Well, you know what they say...  If it sounds too good to be true, then it likely is.  There is no way this is what they claim. PERIOD.  Retinol helps acne, this gave me acne. Do you know how hard a white head is to correct?  It clogs pores and I actually had my skin texture and fine lines WORSEN while using it daily.  I reordered my skinceuticals 1% retinol and when I put it on, my face was very velvety and happy.  I have thirsty skin and this stuff sat on top more like grease.  Just give up the extra $ for a decent heavy hitter is all I can say.  You don't want this mess on your face."
"I tried this with both Urban Decay Primer Potion (original), Too Faced Glitter Glue, and Laura Geller Eye Spackle underneath. Nothing helped this color get much opacity or stay put for more than a few hours. I also had some fine glitter fallout into the lines around my eyes. It looked pretty for about an hour and then just .... poof...faded away.I used this over a couple of Maybelline cream shadows and it fared a little better, but pretty much just left creasy lines behind."
"So I have fine thick straight hair that has recently become dry on the ends. Generally it can get more oily at the roots. This shampoo leaves a residue near the scalp no matter how many times you rinse. The only reason why I gave it two stars is because, it is weird, sometimes (maybe every 5th time you use it) it does not leave a residue and your hair looks great. I have been using this for weeks and at first thought I hadn't rinsed well enough, but no matter how much I rinse-it still usually leaves residue. The smell isn't great but if the product worked, I would tolerate it."
Although I got this at a good price for Urban Decay it was on sale compared to when it first came out. The colors show up so pigmented & bright on Youtube videos but in all reality they don't show up so bright even with primer potion. Kind of crumbly. The packaging is way better than the eyeshadow. I like bright pigmented eyeshadows that go on smoothly and this is just not the one. You would be better off buying BH Cosmetics 120 palette for the same price.
"We've used other products from AINHOA in the past, and have found some to be good if seriously overpriced.  With the Luxe Gold Facial, however, not only is the cost far too high for a facial ""serum,"" it's also not a particularly good product.  There are far less expensive and effective alternatives, ones that don't include useless ingredients like caviar and gold.I had some high hopes for this one and wanted it to blow me away, but I'm instead disappointed.  I didn't find it any more skin-tightening or moisturizing than others we've used, and at $80 per ounce it's simply not worth the cost.  Not recommended."
"I ordered this from QVC and I have used it several times, not terribly impressed, particularly with the price. Also not sure if my very thick coarse hair is clean. I will not send it back, I can use it as a conditioning treatment but my advice for women with hair like mine is to look for gentler shampoos and wash less often. If you really used the amount of product they recomend you would need 2 full bottles of the stuff a month, to the tune of some 60 bucks. Also the miracle ingredient in it is old fashioned and inexpensive glycerin. Basically a rip-off."
"I ordered 5 of these brushes. They are horrible. I have ordered these before, but the quality is now nonexistent. The handle is ok, but the mesh is very thin and tears right away. It isn't sewn (?)  onto the handle well. It is coming apart and off the handle.All came in olive green - really? The ugliest color ever and who even has any bathroom where that would look good.Don't order these-you will be disappointed. I am going to Rite Aid or Walgreens to see if I can get good ones."
"well mainly, one of the squares was missing its the second one down from the top left so from looking at the picture its an off white so not really a big deal but it was packaged horrible.. I picked the box up from my door step and I could feel the three products I ordered sliding around.. you get what you pay for I guess"
"This is the worst foundation that I've ever tried, in the sense of application. The sponge makes it hard to control the product and leaves you with a cakey finish. Its not practical, and its pretty bad. Plus, bacteria often collects in sponges. You really want to be rubbing that on your face? Trust me. Dont."
"Before I started really reading the labels on hair products, I really liked this product; however, the shampoo contains- Sodium Hydroxide (it's caustic, and is found in chemical relaxers, which are used to permanently straighten the hair, and can even dissolve the hair), and protein (which can cause even more frizz if it's used often)."
"I've got oily, acne prone skin and I'm constantly fighting clogged pores. This did absolutely nothing for me. Impurities were not removed, oils were not absorbed. It smells horribly like vodka and is very painful to &#34;peel&#34; (I don't have peach fuzz or any noticeable facial hair so I assume this is just from it pulling on my sensitive skin). Not my favorite freeman product."
It arrived cracked but EWWW it smelled so bad. it has a coconutish smell with a grandma perfume. Threw away and was refunded w/o a hassle but just thought I'd warn people of the nasty smell
the quality was not what expected very greasy and creased a lot do not use as a base i think i wasted my money on this product
"Like many of the other reviewers, I opened the box in search of the cleanser and found none.  I used another Olay cleanser that I love for my skin.  If I put it on the scrubber first, it would get lost up in the bristles.  It was best to apply to my skin first, but then after rubbing the cleanser around on my face to distribute it, I'd pretty much washed my face.The bristles do a very mild vibrating massage that feels pleasant and I'd guess that like any type of massage, there's some health benefits.Maybe if I could try the cleanser that's shown on the box, I'd think more highly of the device.I have to be honest and say that I'm not all that impressed."
"As the other reviewers have previosuly stated, it DOES stink. It kinda smells like body odor, or armpit sweat.Its EXTREMELY sticky. It makes your hair VERY crispy at first. And then it makes your hair frizzy and dry.I guess that's their definition of ""volume""...dry and frizzy.I washed this crap out of my hair and my hair stayed dry and crunchy for like 2 days AFTER.Horrible Horrible product Suave. I wish I could give it NO stars..."
"When I received this product all the make up was broken up and falling out. I called them and tried to get another one to replace it and I was told that it hadn't looked like that when they shipped it. I was furious, because they didn't pack it well enough to make the trip to my house in one piece."
"If there is anything I hate in a hand cream, it's a greasy hand cream, and this hand cream is very greasy. Applying a small amount to my hands left them so greasy that I had to wipe some of it off to get it to absorb even a little bit.Go one step further, and it boasts of being made with all-natural ingredients, but I'm not sure what exactly constitutes the claim of all-natural. Does that mean that every ingredient is natural? Or just that it's made with ""some"" all-natural ingredients? Both the label and product website are not very clear on this issue.I am particularly sensitive to synthetic fragrances and when I took off the cap and took one whiff, well, it was just too strong of a scent for me to believe it's derived from natural fragrances.  Flipping the tube over to read the ingredients, there it is: ""parfum."" It does not say ""essential oils,"" it says ""parfum,"" and it does not say ""natural parfum."" Given the noxious oder emanating from my hands right now, I'm going to assume that there is some kind of synthetic fragrance in this product, which means I have no further use for it unless I want to nurse a migraine...And as an added note, I've scrubbed my hand twice with soap, yet the odor of this product remains...Yuk."
"I looked at the ingredients and it's a bunch of chemicals and dyes that I don't know whether they are safe or not (A Google search listed several of them as harmful, irritating or toxic)...and I won't continue using it. It also burns your eyes if you happen to get any in while rinsing.Here are just some of the ingredients: cyclopentasiloxane, stearamidopropyl dimethylamine, methylisothiazolinone, methylchloroisothiazolinone and the list goes on of all these chemical sounding ingredients."
"well i got 2 black ones. i've had then for about 2 years and i hate them. they HURT. and they pinch,"
"Our 13 year old daughter begged my wife and I to get this Infiniti BC173 Tourmaline Ceramic Straightening Hot Air Styler for her as a Christmas gift.  We hesitated to spend $50 on this unit, without knowing if it would live up to its claims, but we gave in and bought it for her anyway.  She squealed with excitement when she opened her gift.  She couldn't wait to break it out of its box and try it right away.  After taking a shower she decided to give it a try.  She fought with this device for almost 30 minutes before giving up.  The unit wouldn't grip her hair well enough and it just didn't dry her dair much at all.  I told her that I had read several reviews that indicated a learning curve before getting the wanted results from this hot air styler.  After ner next shower she dryed her dair most of the way with a hair dryer.  She then tried the Conair Infiniti BC173 again, but the end results were nearly the same.  She noticed that this air styler seemed to add a mild frizziness to her hair, even though the unit is supposed to prevent frizzy hair.Our daughter has used this product again and again, over the past several weeks, and she has determined that the unit is just not for her.  She ended up spending some Christmas money on a good hair dryer and a cheap hair straightener.  She now gets the desired results, and this Conair Infiniti BC173 is just sitting, unused, in a bathroom drawer.  She says that she will still try it again, in the future, but overall it looks as though we have wasted our money on this fairly expensive product.  My wife has tried it as well, as seems to be slightly better results, but still this model is certainly not worth the inflated price tag.The biggest problem seems to be that the hair is not held tight enough against the ceramic elements.  The dryer feature just doesn't do much drying, and the lack of proper hair tension allows the hair to become slightly frizzy, and just doesn't straighten well at all.  I think this product is a great idea, and the BC173 certainly feels well built and looks very cute.  However, the usefulness of this tool is questionable, and my wife and I are not too happy about spending $50 for something that will likely remain in a drawer over the months and years to come.  Because of these dissapointing results, I would not recommend this product to anyone.  If Conair can improve on the design, adding more tension in holding the hair in place against the ceramic elements, I think they will have a real winner.  I hope it works better for other consumers, but my wife and daugher have nothing but dissapointment in this ceramic wet/dry straightening air styler.  We learned a valuable (but rather expensive) lesson.  Think seriously before buying this product.  It may work wonderfully for some but seems to be a real letdown for others."
Thought these were wonderful in the beginning when I did a color test. Not until I actually used them did I think they were just ok. They hold long enough. The color is decent enought.
This brush is like any other eyebrow brush nothing special about it. It is also pretty small. Maybe a little longer then like a gulf pencil. Also it is really fine. Feels more like a liner brush.
"So when I received this it was just as advertised which made me super excited to use it. Well the first nail didnt come out as I had plan so I just chalked that up to my own doing but upon doing a few more nails I noticed that this product dries really, really fast and get so sticky that you can barely use it on your nails because it sticks to the brush. Maybe I received old product or something but for now I will not be ordering this brand again."
"I'm a big fan of L'Oreal products, and use them along with pricier department-store, Sephora, and other skincare lines' items.  I was happy with the Age Perfect Glow Renewal day cream, so, I thought I'd give this oil a try, to use after my Kinerase serum and before the Age Perfect cream.  It's awful.  This stuff isn't just oily, it's greasy; it will, if you don't use it very carefully, end up all over everything--your hairline, hands, clothes, counter-top.  Secondly, the oil is delivered through an eye-dropper, so you'd best be careful not to knock the bottle over when you're applying the oil (what, they couldn't have put the liquid into a different type of bottle that didn't require a dropper?).  And thirdly, if you have any kind of bad reaction to rosemary, as do I, avoid this stuff like Ebola!  It REEKS of rosemary.  Wouldn't it be nice if L'Oreal bothered to mention that on the front of the packaging instead of in the wee print on the back?  I used this stuff exactly once.  As soon as I'd finished rubbing it into my skin I was clobbered by the overpowering scent of rosemary, and had to wash it off my face and hands immediately."
This flat iron ripped out a good chunk of my hair the first time I used it - the plates have some sort of gap at the ends/edges and they caught my hair as I was sliding it through. Sent it back.
"If I believed everything I read I would think this is a great facial cream that has anti-sagging and anti-age spot ingredients that hydrates the skin.  HA! All I needed to do was read the ingredient list to turn me off. Unfortunately though I didn't read the ingredient list until I used the product for 10 days.  No wonder my skin looked dull and tired and felt shrunken - kind of the opposite of their marketing hype. The product is full of mineral oil, parabens, and reads like a science lab. Full of cheap ingredients with lots of hype, this is one brand to stay away from. I'm sorry I used itfor as long as I did."
"I got the lightest color and it is still to dark for my skin.. Looks almost orange on my face. I had high hopes for this product, but was highly disappointed instead."
"I have to toss out all the food inside because of the mold inside the sub containers. Among other minor issues, the lid is hard to pry open and the ice pack can't keep the food cold for a couple of hours in an A/C room. Otherwise, it's a perfect lunch box for me."
"I tried a mix of this with the red, because I was finding out the red makes my pale scalp dyed, more than my hair. I tried also using it on my eyebrows, same thing.  A lot of work for not much of a result.  I wouldn't recommend it as per the instructions. I would try it on dry hair like a regular dye, with gloves on and take a very long rinse."
this is a great concept however it was difficult go get your thumb in.  When i removed my thumb it tore the soft plastic part around where you insert your thumb.  After about 2 uses all the tops started to break.  I was very disappointed but not mad because it was cheap so you get what you pay for.  I think overall this product just needs to be made with better materials to make it a success.  The seller was great with speedy delivery
"The product is too expensive for the average person to afford to use and I felt it was wasteful due to the amount that the directions said to use. Twenty (20) pumps for hair only down to my ear lobes! My scalp began itching and it was inconvenient to have to spend so much time working in the product and giving it time to work. I did get more shine, but no more volume or body. I think the claims they make are mostly hype. I am tired of products that don't work like they say they will. I need to see real results. I won't be using  this product any more."
"I really wish I could agree with so many of the other reviews floating around.  The truth is, this product works awfully for me.  It barely shows up/applies to my scalp - I have to apply-apply-apply to make ANY sort of small difference.  After a couple hours, it starts wearing off and leaves my scalp looking dirty (think: gray scalp with dark-looking tiny ""follicle-holes"" - yikes!).  Also, this DOES rub off on your fingers unlike it shows in the commercials.  I really wish this worked, but it really didn't for me.  Very upsetting - especially for the price!  Would not buy again."
"I'm a big fan of RoC products and have used their night cream for years so I was delighted to try this product.  Unfortunately, after a couple of weeks, the results were minimal.  The crow's feet are still there.  I also noticed that there was a slight burning sensation around the eyes so I could only use the product at night.  I was afraid to get it on my fingers before I put in my contact lenses.  The activating serum comes in a tiny tube and is an ugly grey color.  Part two, the cream comes in a pump and, as others have noted, one doesn't have much control over how much comes out at a time.  The photo on the package shows a woman who looks as if she's had an eyelift.  You will definitely not get those results.My final analysis.  If you have a lot of money to blow, you might try this product.  Otherwise, I'd pass it by."
I bought this cream because it didn't have a lot of chemicals in it but something it has in it makes my hands swell. I won't be buying it again.
"Okay, it seems to me you are either going to really like this product or really hate it & I am in the latter. I have super fine & thin hair. Due to good reviews I thought I'd try it. Well, if I could give it 0 stars I would (it's in the trash now) that about says it all. Thought @ 1st I was using to much..cut it down to a few sprinkles..tried it a few ways..HORRIFIC! No matter what it made my hair SO greasy, weighed down, dried out, crunchy (think ""Aquanet"" or as some of us hair stylists call it ""Cheeto hair""). Give er' a try if you want as some people seem to really like it & it is cheap enough now but I am just expressing my personal opinion. Only thing I can say is what really does work for me which I will be sticking with:Redken Body Full Instant Bodifier Volumizing Foam, for Baby Fine Hair, 5-ounceor this:Redken Quick Tease 15 Backcombing Finishing Spray (5.3 oz.). Also, this got2b product is very hard to wash out of your hair."
"If you have allergies, stay away from anything aveda or your skin will break out big time! All of their products cause breakouts for sensitive skin!"
"I am not  a fan of this product.  I feel it is just a shoddy piece of equipment that was not well thought out during the design process.  First off, the overall feel of the iron is bad.  It is very lightweight and feels insignificant.  It needs a little weight to it.  Secondly, the temperature dial is located in a terrible place.  While I was curling my hair, my fingers were constantly turning the temperature down by accident.  The dial is too easy to move and is in a bad location.  I also have issues with the &#34;kickstand&#34;.  It is very small and weak and just feels cheap.As far a performance this curling iron did just and OK job of curling my hair.  I have hair that falls between wavy and curly.  The iron did a fair job of curling my hair but it didn't leave the curl as smooth as I would like."
"SLOW delivery, when I say slow...over a month. And to add insult to injury the things literally fell apart on their very first use. Don't bother with this product and don't bother with the seller. Amazon has far too many great partners to bother with the likes of this."
"I really liked how my hair looked at first when I tried this shampoo but by day 3 and 4 I started developing itchy bumps on my scalp. I also realized that this product was leaving a film on my hair. I had been using sulfate free shampoos for the last few years but I broke down and bought this because of all the great reviews. This shampoo is not for everyone. If you're at all sensitive to chemicals, stay away. I went back to an awesome shampoo that I stick with. Every time I try something new, nothing treats my hair and scalp the way Henna Hut shampoos do. I've tried them all and I like their Neem shampoo the best. I don't work for them. I'm just a customer who appreciates them more and more every time I try other products."
Leaves your hair gummy and it does not give your style a &#34;second Chance&#34;.  I had to wash the crap out of my hair!
"This stuff is horrible!  It leaves a film/residue on my face even after scrubbing hard.  I actually had to get my regular face cleanser and had to wash my face AGAIN after washing this mask off just so I could get this stuff off.  And in case your wondering, no this stuff did not improve my skin, even after several uses.I'm going back to my Biore mask."
I thought these would be an easy way to do my nails but they only last a few days before they start splitting down the middle.
I feel that these are way to big to be used on nails. They stick out way to far and take up too much room!
Revlon RVSP3503B1 Hot Facial Sauna did not work as well as I hoped.  Boiling water in a pot provided faster and more steaming action than this item.  I do not recommend.
bought it ar walmart. It applies smoothly and seems to last. The down-side is that it burned my eyes. I do have sensitive eyes so it might work for others.
"Goes on well, and looks good for a while, but the good stops there. It flakes off and causes me eye irritation. It doesn't wash off well with soap and water either, I almost always have to use eye makeup remover. I bought it because there were some good reviews, and I like brown mascara instead of black, but I would not buy this again."
"Pros: Easily rinses out, superior coverageCons: Eye-watering stink, messy, MUCH darker than advertised, burnsI've been bleaching/dying a streak of my hair for five months now, and I finally got bored with it so I decided to go back to my normal color. Iv'e never colored my whole head before, so I grabbed this box off the shelf because the foam looked easy and the color matched my own.After a quick removal of the blue dye, I went straight to the color. My first mistake was putting the nozzle on the bottle instead of the proper cap to shake it, which was completely my fault. The dye went everywhere. Quick clean up, then time to dispense the foam.THE SMELL. My window is fortunately next to a window that I had to open. I'm used to bleaching my streak, but it smelled at least three times as bad as straight hair bleach. My eyes started to water horribly and I had to work about two minutes with my eyes squeezed shut.You know that pretty white foam on the package? Yeah, it doesn't do that. It's the color of the dye (I think a similar product says that the white foam is illustrative only, this box doesn't) and it's the consistency of beaten egg whites before they hit the soft peak stage. It ran everywhere (I fortunately remembered to put Vaseline around my hairline, which is conveniently absent in the instructions) and my sink and walls are still stained despite several Comet cleanings.After about 20 minutes my scalp started to tingle unpleasantly. Again, I'm used to this with the bleach but I don't think permanent dye is supposed to be like that.When I rinsed it out I was pleasantly surprised by how quickly the water ran clear. The conditioner was very nice and covered the residual stink pretty well. But my hair is A LOT darker than on the box, perhaps 3 shades and much redder (I used Medium Brown, which looks a lot more golden on the box). I mixed some baking soda in with my shampoo to fade it the same day, which helped a little. Fortunately I don't mind being darker, it's just an inconvenience, you know?EDIT: I used Sun-In to lighten it a little and now it's the color it was supposed to be. I recommend that product to help with the tinting. Still trying to get the stain off the sink..."
"I've held off reviewing this device until I used it for a few weeks. I've gotta say, I'm not really loving it. Not only do I see no difference in my skin, but I don't like using it - I find its suctioning of my skin to be somewhat unpleasant (and I've only got it set to level 2 - level 1 didn't seem to work). While it's not a huge machine, it takes up enough space in my small bathroom to be a pain, so all in all I see little to recommend."
I gave it 2 stars because it isn't unpleasant.  It is odorless which is nice.  The consistency is nice for a lotion.  It just didn't work for me.  Hope it works for others!!
product not suits for my skin type and the weather in south bay of san francisco bay area region i guess. and the texture is very thick
"I give it a 2 star just because it's beautiful from the front but I received mine defected.  I sent them an email  & they want me to pay out of my pocket to send back to them and they'll send me another one. Quality checks should be done prior to packing. I have over $1K of nail polish and I dont trust that the one I received is stable to hold my collection. You can read my full review on my beauty website at [...][...] If you have the extra money to send back defective products, then this is for you."
"I heard a lot of people say this was good but for me it made it look like I had very few, but really long lashes. Not for me. I gave it to my coworker who favs it."
These just didn't work for me. They came off in the night and didn't re-adhere well. Shipping was fast and the instructions were easy to follow. Some folks seem to really like them. They're probably worth trying.
"Previously I purchased argan oil from Turkey, result my hair so smooth.Since the price so expensive, try this pura dor which still expensive but one third of the price of other product I love. Seemed weird, cause the smell at glance like coconut oil, do they mix it?I doubt that pure argan oil, since the shampoo and conditioner I purchase titled argan oil but in fact mostly just coconut oil.Really waste time and money for very poor result. I dont use it anymore,none of the 3 pura dor products I purchased."
Did not work for me.  I used it as directed and saw absolutely no change in cellulite appearance.  Some people say it works marvelously but the only thing it did for me was to temporarily replace the moisturizing lotion I had been using before starting to use the skinny cream.  I cannot recommend this product.  Cellulite is a woman's burden to bear and we all just need to love our bodies like they are....cellulite and all and hell be darned to those who don't like us because we have it.
"When I saw all the great reviews about this product, I really wanted to like it because the price was perfect for my budget. However, my face started to break out on day one. It was like my old teenage days. Horrible. I'm jealous of the people who can actually use it because it feels good to the skin and it smells good. But it is definitively not good for my type of skin :("
The nail polish is super thin and drips everywhere because of it. It takes about four coats to be completely opaque and it isn't even that matte. Not as shiny as a regular nail polish but not near as matte as I had hoped.
"I only had the shampoo, so I don't know if there is a hair miracle to using this along with conditioner and the other products, but the shampoo alone is nothing special. It comes in a bottle that looks like a milk bottle, and that's it. Doesn't smell fancy. Doesn't make any noticeable difference to my hair, not like Senscience which is the only shampoo that does seem to make a noticeable difference."
"I am sure this is a good product for some. I am 49 and have dry/acne-prone skin and this stripped my skin raw. I used it one time and soon realized it would irritate too much to continue it's use. I am a male, but I use alot of women's products becuase my skin is so sensitive. I was also looking for a gentle moisterizer and tried the Eucerin moisturizer and found that it burned my skin really bad and had to stop use. I recently tried Purpose for sensitive skin, it strips a little but it is really gentle and does not dry. I now use Olay all day moisterizer and this is good stuff that is a little hard to spread but does really good for moisture."
"I had to change my review.  The  pumkin mask works so I assumed this would also but wrong! it does not.  I have used this twice, felt the burn really good, rinsed with the baking soda and water and waited and waited and waited and NOTHING. Not really happy with this.  I would like to have the same results as the 5 star people did. wish I could get a refund."
"I found out that the one I order was a counterfeit item. I strongly recommend you purchase the product either on GHD website or certified dealer who are licensed to sell GHD products. Given the high price, you just don't to chance it being a fake!"
I have the straightest hair in the world so I'm always looking for something to help shape my hair. I put some of this in my hair and it did do a decent job but I didn&#8217;t care for the feeling of having it in my hair and getting it out the next morning was not fun.
"The color was a little duller than i had expected.  It doesn't last 14 hours - not even7 hours.  but all in all, it is not a bad buy.  Have to use a lip sheen over it as it is dull.."
Item did take over a month for me to finally receive it. I thought the pearls would be a little bigger and the colors brighter .. just like it shows in the picture.
"These lipsticks smell, they have a horrible consistency and the color wears off too quickly. I used one about three times and gave them all away after that."
All it did for me was irritate my eyes. Not what I was hoping for. It has a thin consistency that seeps into your eyes.
"The product's packaging makes a bold claim: it says that 100 percent of users saw an immediate improvement in their skin. I have no idea what kind of study that was, or whether all of the users were the company's employees, or whether they offered a new car to everyone in the study for saying yes, but, look, there is no cream or serum on the market that will make 100 percent of people see an immediate improvement.I went with the premise of their other claim: that you'll see a reduction in fine lines and wrinkles in one week. After one I week, I see no reduction at all.Two stars because I do like the way it feels going on and the the scent is very light and pleasant. I get migraines easily with scented products and this one hasn't affected me that way. It feels cool going on and I'll continue to use it just in the hopes that it'll make more of a difference over time, or that it will help in a preventive sense even if it doesn't make existing fine lines any better.It does dry quickly and isn't at all greasy, so it's good to use under makeup. I just wish that, for once, a product would live up to its claims and we could all have higher standards. The only way this product should get 4 or 5 stars is if the user actually does see ""immediate improvement"" and a reduction in wrinkles and/or fine lines... yet we are lenient with reviews in products in this category because we all know that none of them live up to the hype, so we lower our expectations and judge them accordingly.Update several months later: I finished most of the tube. It made no difference whatsoever."
"It's possible that my facial breakout may not be acne. I have NEVER had acne and have been proudly blessed with clear skin but with this recent breakout that has persisted, I was desperate and had heard about Clean & Clear products for years.... so both with curiosity and urgency, I gave it a try and unfortunately, I can't say that I see ANY difference. I like the moisturizer best. I use the cleanser and sometimes, it burns a little but it's fine. The small tube just dries out the area I apply to. I don't really like the feeling it gives my skin and it certainly doesn't do anything for the mysterious acne-looking spots. So I am a bit ""meh"" about this one..... I guess if you are certain you have acne, you may get better results!"
"I have super thick hair so that's probably a factor of this, but when I used these, they creased my hair after just fifteen minutes of having them in. Kind of a pain but oh well. They're really cute and great as hair ties, just not if you have thick hair. Unless I'm using it wrong but I don't think so."
I had to return this. My make up actually came off sooner than normal when I used this. I was very disappointed. But I'm glad Amazon makes it so easy to return something.
big disappointment. made my hair flat and greasy.  i have really nice curly hair and i just didnt like it at all.
I have used a lot of self tanner and saw that this one got a lot of good feedback so thought I would try it.  I was disappointed.  I am an experienced self tanner and this product was hard to blend and when it wore off left streaks.  I prefer Sun Laboratories. Oh and the mitt that was included...junk...it literally started to fall apart after a few short uses.
"This formula may help lashes grow, but the wand ruins application. It is a large, awkward wand. Normally, my lashes are shaped such that I can get a nice cat-eye effect, but this wand is so large that it's impossible to apply mascara more heavily anywhere--not towards the inner eye at those tiny lashes, not in the center where it should be easy, and not even towards the outer lashes where it really ought to be easy to apply more. The consistent result is mascara on the lid skin above lashes. As said, this formula may help lashes grow, but that only works if you can actually get it on your lashes and want to apply it each day.  I don't look forward to using this one and end up using other, older mascaras.  This is a last resort mascara now and will be thrown away as soon as I feel I've gotten at least a little more of my money out of it."
"I am so incredibly unhappy about this product. I absolutely loved the original. Why they changed it, I don't know... I wish they wouldn't have because they lost  a customer, actually 4 customers. The original product was like a gel, it was clear and had virtually NO scent. The new product is like water, it is cloudy and smells horrible. I'm going to do a review on youtube so people can see the difference. I'm pretty sure there is vinegar in it, it smells like pure vinegar. If it isn't broke..... Why change something that was so good? They made a huge mistake with this one! Just horrible."
"I have severe acne, and I've tried everything from Proactiv to neutrogena. I decided to give this product a try because the reviews were great. I've been using it for almost two months now, and I am seeing no results, and my skin is actually getting worse (I don't think its from using the product, but my skin definitely isn't getting any better). Sigh, I wish my acne would stop getting worse and worse. :("
"Perfumes work differently on individual bodies' chemistry.  I loved this on my friend.  Sadly, on me, it was way too sweet."
"This product was used by a 40 year old woman with curly fine blonde hair. The cr&egrave;me was placed in her hair while still wet after shampoo/conditioner. After her hair dried, her hair looked something like Farrah's did back in the mid-70s: well-curled, but with an appearance of too much product in place. Hair was felt to have a little more body than usual, though she noted that it also felt stiff - not so bad as with hair spray, but not as soft and fluffy as without the product at all. Our 8 year old boy came over, sniffed, and remarked that the room had a smell like gummy bears. We traced the scent back to the cr&egrave;me. So....this will go on the shelf with unused hair products or get given to a friend or something....I should point out that after trying the product, we looked at some of the advertising for Motions and determined that it is primarily designed for non-Caucasian women. One wouldn't know that to look at the container or the instructions, however."
"I had high hopes for this product, but it didn't do anything good to my hair. As a matter of fact, my hair felt worse after using this. It was difficult to wash out of my hair & I regret even trying it.Cheap drug store products work better than this."
Im not really sure how I feel about this soap wasnt too keen on the packaging! Also when I opened it and looked inside it was a white hair that looked like dog hair that was what turned we off all together! Hate to give this a bad  review but some things are just a turn off!
"I typically use forming cream to style my hair because my hair is so straight and thick that I have to put SOMETHING in it. I let it go dry and added this dust. No good.First of all, this ""dust"" is super bizarre stuff that is nearly impossible to shake out of the container. It's lighter than air and floats around the bathroom as you trying to get it into your hair. Secondly, it's like cement. Once it's in, you can't even run your fingers through your hair without feeling like someone smeared rubber cement on your head. Thirdly, it goes in dry and makes your hair look dusty and dirty, like you just got done rolling around in sawdust.Very strange, very odd. Not recommended at all."
"After getting the product, I used it about 5 times and just let it sit for about 4 months because it seemed to irritate my skin. Recently I thought I'd try using it again but it was out of juice so started to charge it when it started emitting this high pitched whine. I pressed the button to try to shut it off but not responsive. this one goes to the landfill..."
I guess I need to look for a strictly chemical peel because this grainy sand texture was not great for me. Felt gross.
i WISH IT WORKED BETTER I DONT LIKE IT....HURTS VERY BADLY.  I GOT INGROWNS ID RATHER GO FOUND SOMEONE TO DO THREADING WHICH IS THE SAME TYPE OF HAIR REMOVAL. VERY HARD TO USE.
"The bulbs on this never lit up. It never worked once. Unfortunately, I missed the 30 day return window so I'm stuck with this broken thing sitting in my closet."
"I bought this product awhile ago and stopped using it a week after I bought it.Why you may ask?Well, my shade (110 Porcelain) was very oddly shaded. In the bottle, it looked right. So I went home and applied it immediately after cleansing my face and putting on a primer. Than I noticed how DEAD I looked. More so than usual. I am Porcelain in a lot of shades but this one looked like I was from outer space. I can honestly say my face looked green. I than put it on my hand and I looked at it and I couldn't believe how green tinted it was, perhaps I got a malfunction bottle but It was so odd.Pros --Long Lasting (with use of primer)Cons --VERY oily, I was like a oily alien when I wore this and I have DRY skin-I looked like a green alien.Sigh. It looks like I will be sticking with Revlon Colorstay for awhile. I may try this foundation again when I get a tan, but until than, light skinned people beware."
"I have oily skin and tend to get blackheads on the sides of my nose area. I used this product for a week (every other day), I noticed that it lightened the blackheads just a little. Be careful not to push to hard as I did the first time which clogged some of my pores and gave me one of those bright red, invisible painful zits.The product also dries your skin out so you'll need to moisturize after use. It smells nice and did make my skin feel very clean and smooth. I'll give it a bit longer to fully decide if it works and will update this review in another week or so.UPDATE: I've been using it for awhile and not much difference. It only lightened not removed."
"I think this would be great for very short hair.  I have short hair, but not short enough.  I would like to see how this works on short spiky hair.  When you hair is a little longer it gets too sticky and hard to manage, you have to apply as quickly as possible and not brush, but pick quickly to style.  Again, would be great for Very Short Hair."
"Despite the fact that the product description says, ""Irritation study showed no irritation caused by product,"" I found that this product caused my eyelids to become slightly inflamed and irritated upon initial use.  I was not willing to try it again. As I received the product free through the Amazon Vine program, felt no reluctance in throwing it in the trash.In the past, I have foundThunder Ridge Emu Products 100% Emu Oil 8 Ozto be highly effective in fostering eyelash growth and thickness, with zero negative side effects."
"I just did fx face this morning. I did it on one side so I could compare it. I saw IMMEDIATE results. I did 7 minute's on 3 part's of my face. I rubbed argon oil to make is slide easier. It died when I tried using it 2 day's later, hasn't worke since!!!"
"Unless you have very fair skin, this concealer is to light for Asian color skin. It doesn't blend very well with your foundation and looks caky on your face."
"Horrible product. I am so dissapointed and will never, ever buy another lipstick from ecco bella. The lipstick made my lipstick to dry and it just looked so bad. Y el color quedaba demasiado de claro en mis labios y no como se ve en la imagen, apenas pintaba!"
"My hair shattered these after a few uses, don't bother! Also, I have A LOT of hair and these were very big."
I guess I was expecting something with a little more &#34;oomph&#34; and power to it. It does work - just be sure to use extremely gentle pressure.
"it is too harsh and it changing color, when I apply it is kind of brown but after it went dry is is like dark ash.. total disappointment.."
"I absolutely love this conair instant heat curling iron!  I ordered it on amazon because of the great price. It did not come in the packaging I'm used to seeing in stores but figured it may have just changed since my last curling iron purchase (last year).  The first time I used it it worked great.  The second it kept turning off or shorting out on me.  I changed outlets and still the problem continued.I would recommend this curling iron to a friend but perhaps not through the internet.I re-ordered thinking it was just a defective one and the second time, it wouldn't even heat up enough to hold a curl.  I think Conair has changed it's product and I will not buy again."
All of these glue sticks were dry. I cut one of them open and the glue had been frozen ? Idk why but this purchase was a waste of money . Not happy
This stuff is nothing special. Leaves a tacky film on my skin. Try the Tehani Salon skin care anti-aging products. I found those to be better Amazon Products.
"This product leaves my hair extremely stiff and horribly dry. It has no shine, and feels terrible to the touch."
"I was super excited to get this stuff, because the reviews I read before I purchased it sounded promising. I didn't have a lot of cellulite, but enough to make me want to do something about it before swimsuit and short shorts season this year. I did some research and based on what got the best reviews I bought this. This stuff smells great, that I will say. And I used it every morning after I showered And every night before bed until it was gone. It made my skin feel soft and smell nice, unlike other creams of this kind...but sadly it did not reduce even the minimal amount of cellulite I was hoping to get rid of."
"I guess I don't really get the point of these wipes.  They're supposed to be exfoliating, but I am supposed to use them as a cleanser?  Do they moisturize?  I can't really tell.  The experience of using them is akin to wiping a baby wipe across the face- I had a hard time enjoying it.  As promised, they are scent-free.  When I finished using the wipe my skin didn't feel any softer or better, and I can't really discern a great benefit.  For better facial cleansing I would recommendSimple Smoothing Facial Scrub, 5 Ounce (Pack of 2)- it's made by the same folks, and it has a nice exfoliating effect without the diaper wipe experience.  I found that the scrub worked better."
I got these in the mail i was really excited to get them so i can start experimenting with them but when i opened the package it was big glitter not even worth it! Not a single one was a crushed shell powder! DO NOT BUY!
"I bought these trying to save a few bucks in replace of the Konad or Monster Bundle plates and Im mad that I did.  When I received them, they were in clear packages that had the brand name cut off each one.  I took one out to look at it and the metal disk was so razor shape, it sliced my index finger and pretty deep at that.  I took a look at all of them and all the images are so shallow and blurred due to the small size of them.  The full images will not even fit on my adult thumb all the way.  I tried to do a return and the seller canceled my return.  I also emailed them asking for THE MANUFACTURES name.  These are DANGEROUS plates and if young girls are going to use them, they can really get hurt and cut from the sharp edges.  They will soon have a lawsuit on their hands.  DO NOT BUY THESE!  Spend the money and get the good ones!"
"First,  I don't like wearing makeup.  But I tried this anyway.  It comes in an attractive bottle.  It looks quite nice.  But it is so thick that it just felt heavy.  While trying it, I spilled a little down the side of the bottle.  I couldn't wash it off without scrubbing it with liquid detergent.  The bottle still has some remainder of the makeup on it.  I wonder how one would remove it from the face."
"I'm not sure what the exact issue is, but these rollers only curl the bottom of my hair. Maybe 4-5 inches. I suspect this is because they do not get hot enough. The clips are not the worst ever, but they are a  pain. They look like they will be nice, but they don't hold the hair quite as tight as I would like, and they leave a dent every. single. time. My stylist recommended hot rollers to me, saying they are the best way to get a curl that lasts all day, but the curls I get from this barely last an hour. I don't mean that after an hour the curl is a little limp, I mean after an hour my hair looks like it did before I curled it at all. I have hair that is naturally a little wavy, I usually have no trouble holding a curl. I even used Redken spray starch will is great for holding curls, but still no luck. I'm very disappointed.Also, I noticed a very recent reviewer complained her set did not have an on/off switch. Mine does have this switch. A big one right on front that you couldn't miss.  Are there two different models they are shipping at random? That is a problem."
Not a great scrub at all.Now I understand why the price dropped so significantly....Its horrible.....horrible....horrible.......Nothing more to add...
"So...I really wanted this mascara to work. I hate paying money for cosmetics that aren't even usable...and this isn't usable.Let me back up-I didn't buy this from Amazon. I got it in a drug store...but I had to write a review-which is something I rarely do-because it was so bad.I expected this to be like the other products in the Voluminous line. I love the other mascaras. LOVE them. But this...from the second I pulled the wand from the container, the fibers were flying. And the fibers aren't tiny-they're big enough to pluck from the wand-probably a good centimeter or two. That's scary when we're talking about putting that next to your eye.Second, there's no way to keep this stuff from clumping. None. It's a big wet sticky clumpy mess. I agree with ""Holy Clumps Batman"" because it feels like stage makeup, I swear.This product gave no visible volume, ruined the curl,definition, and length that I have naturally, and the fibers looked unnatural hanging off the tips of my lashes. I strongly recommend to stay with the regular Voluminous line or use something totally different. Anything but this."
"This is slimy and feels like putting petroleum jelly (aka Vaseline) on your lashes and brows. Look at the ingredients--there's not much in there that I see that would stimulate lash growth. I've used RapidLash with great results that I documented after using faithfully day and night for six weeks (but be sure to buy from a reputable seller, not from an individual seller on Amazon where you might get a fake). This product just didn't cut it, and it felt horrible. I'd rather just condition my lashes with a light coat of oil, which would probably do just as much, if not more, good than this did."
they sent me the wrong product! I wanted the mavala stop and instead I got some nail strengthening polish. I couldn't send it back because it looked so similar so I threw away the packaging. It was only after I used it that I noticed it was different.
I don't like the scent ! I learned my lesson never buy cheap stuff!
"literally, I don't know they found this or what they did or how long this was sitting around, but I got the bum end of the deal, I used it pretty much to cover up bad smells around the house to use it up........ it was awful and ruined the like I have for the original bottle that I had bought at a department store....... will NEVER buy perfume off internet again."
I don't get the hype about this. I like my $25 one better from Walmart. Might have gotten a fake one or something. Did NOTHING for my hair. Best of luck.
I have dark brown hair so I got the brown bangs. They actually look red so I can't wear them. Also it came a loooong time after.
"I got this because I have oily but dry skin. I am very acne prone, yet have annoyingly dry skin as well. This just felt like I was putting water on my face. I would even go back and apply more after about 30 minutes and still no relief from the dryness. Dissappointed."
"So I bought this out of glowing reviews. ANyways the mattes, they just plain dont work so take 50% of the palette that totally useless, the colors, just make me look sick... IDK what to say, Ive used all the colors and absolutely hate every last one which surprises me, except for this very dark purple color... the colors I think are meant for olive skin tone, I work in the pink, and oranges, and none of these colors make me look radiant, they again just make me look worn out. Again I dont see this working for any skintone other then ones with a yellow, olive color."
I ordered this Zeno line Rewind Wrinkle Reduction Kit after reading some good reviews. I used it for less then 3 weeks and it just stop working. I wouldn't recommend this product as I find it not very reliable since it break down in less then 3 weeks.
"I can't believe I actually bought this especially given the price. However I read the reviews and thought if it worked this well maybe it's worth it, NOT!! I don't see the ""shine"" in my hair as other stated, and I can get just as much softness with pantene at a fraction of the cost. I have one more thing to say SAVE YOUR MONEY."
"I've tested this a couple of times now and followed the directions and sadly  it doesn't look good :(  Can't say I'll be buying again, ever."
Honestly I dont think this product works. I followed instructions carefully and it did not work. My manicure was not fully dry at all.
"I'm not loving this shampoo.  The consistency is really watery.  So you have to use a lot, it runs off your hands almost before you can get onto your hair.  The bottle is very small.  By two uses, I'd already used over 1/4 of the bottle. Nope, not for me.  Love organic shampoos but I need products that are worth the money!"
THIS is a great idea but only in theory. It does not work well at all. now wonder it was so cheap.
"Way over-priced for what you receive. I am going back to lint-free, washable, cloth (just don't use fabric softener). Will not purchase these again."
"I have been using US Nivea which is made in Mexico for a couple of years. I am happy with it but decided to try German Nivea because it is said to be so much thicker and better. The tin that arrived had stickers placed on the front and back saying ""Made in Germany"" but nowhere on the actual tin does it say that. Another reviewer noted that if you peel off the stickers the tin says ""Made in Poland"" but mine did not. It does not specify a country of manufacture at all. The ingredients listed on the sticker differ slightly from the ones listed on the actual tin.  When I opened the tin I was disappointed to find that it's not any thicker than Mexican Nivea. The only difference I can discern is a slightly more citrusy fragrance. Was I ripped off? This seems exactly the same as the version made in Mexico."
"I bought this after a friend recommended trying hot rollers. I have normal to thin long hair so i figured these would have no problem curling my hair. I let them heat up beyond how long it shouldve to ensure they were super hot...wrapped my hair around them easily and clipped them in. The actual rollers were hot but tolerable to touch when putting them in your hair. I let them set in my hair until the rollers were cold and my hair was no longer hot. They came out easily, but sadly what did curl, was kinked or didnt hold up much long after i took the rollers out. I tried different methods with my hair being freshly washed and blow dried, and even after it being a day since i had washed it, and nothing seemed to work. I def prefer my regular curling iron from conair more then these rollers."
"This BelleSha no tangles brush is lightweight but very sturdy.I used the brush on my hair right after I showered so it was wet and tangled. I was not impressed with the brush's detangling abilities. It pulled my hair and didn't get the tangles out. It also lost about a quarter of the little balls off the ends of the bristles. I will say that I have LOTS of thick, long hair.BUT...I had received another BelleSha brush for reviewBelleSha Paddle Brush Violetand it worked great. I reviewed it separately.This no tangles brush did work okay on my hair after it was dry and detangled.NOTE: I received this product in exchange for my honest review."
"I bought this, thinking that it was the whole thing, with the generator and everything, it's not. Be aware WHEN YOU BUY THIS YOU ARE ONLY BUYING AIRBRUSH PART."
"I keep having this problem where it will shut off. I'll have to hit the power button at least 3 times before it will go on and stay on. Other than that, pretty decent straightener but I'm saving up for a CHI."
"I just don't like this color.  But the product applies well and everything else it's supposed to do.  The color comes out looking murky and flat, not at all like what the bottle looks like."
I have naturally curly hair.  I tried a tester of this and the shampoo in the test was clear and sulfate free - it did not lather - which is perfect.  This shampoo is not clear and provides a to of lather which tells me it is NOT sulfate free.
"I feel like one of the few people who really doesn't like this product, but after trying it twice over the span of a few years, I can honestly say it does nothing for my skin. I inititally tried it a few years ago, but wasn't impressed, so I stopped using it. Last month I got some as a sample, and decided to give it another try. Same thing, it did nothing for my skin, and I noticed that a few pimples popped up and they wouldn't go away. Once I stopped using it my skin cleared up and looked fine. If you're unsure about purchasing definitely get a sample first."
"I used to be so much in love with Jean Nate when I was a teenager. When my birthday came, that is all I would ask for so that I would not run out of it at anytime. Now I don't know what has been done to the formula but it now smells horrible. They have changed the formula and I have tried to rekindle our romance but Its a definite break-up. My new substitute is Evangeline, Adios Jean Nate unless they resume making the splash with the original formula."
"This is a terrible concealer. It has adequate SPF, but that is all it is good for. Since it is absorbed into the skin very quickly, the concealing effect is short-lived, maybe an hour or so. (This concealer is supposed to function as an eye cream, too. Maybe that is why it is so easily absorbed?) A good concealer needs to sit on top of the skin to mask discoloration.Because I wanted to believe I could still use the product in some way, I tried using it as a moisturizer/SPF, and applying a ""good concealer"" to select places under the eye that are the darkest, hoping to achieve an overall natural look. No luck. This product with additional concealer over it looked cakey and emphasized the fine lines under my eyes. I looked worse with the product on than I did with no makeup at all!It also did not keep the area under my eyes hydrated.Rather than using a single product to do all three jobs, I recommend using an eye cream with mineral SPF first, then applying a high quality concealer on top of it to cover dark under eye circles after the cream has moisturized the eye area. I think the effect will be better using two or three different products instead of this poorly-designed attempt at using only one.This product gets an A for intent, but a D- for performance. Disappointing. Good thing it was cheap. I don't feel that bad about tossing it."
contains vitamin c that really dries your skin out. My dermatologist recommends using vaseline around the eyes. So so much cheaper!
"I am extremely nit-picky about the type of moisturizer I use...extremely picky. I prefer super light-weight, quick absorbing moisturizers (and if they have a cooling effect...that's a bonus). Eclos is very heavy on my skin; if 10 were the heaviest I would put this at a 7 or 8. Also, my skin does not seem to want to absorb into my skin and just sits on the surface making me feel oily and paranoid. Everyone is different in their preferences for moisturizers; some people prefer putting something heavier on their skin right before bed and with the cold weather coming on strong I can imagine for those people that this would be rather nice."
"Didn't like this one at all, clumpy and a bit dried out in the tube, maybe it sat on the shelf to long.. Wouldn't recommend..."
NOT SURE WHAT THE RAVE IS ABOUT- THIS LIPSTICK WAS NOT A PRETTY PINK. AND DIDNT NOT FEEL GOOD ON LIPS.
"this nail polish when gets dry smells good, like grape or something like that, but the color, mmmmm well is nothing as i spected, maybe the other ones are better, but this precise purple is not"
"It made my skin break out. I do not think it was other products. Every time I'd go back to this, I would break out. I'm disappointed because it is expensive. Maybe it will help my mom :-)"
"Consider the shape of your tub before buying this pillow.  I could not fine any place to put the pillow in my triangle shape tub.  Plus the suction cups cover the entire pillow.  So, where is the section that should sit above the tub for you to rest you head.Pros- I could un-stick the cups and put it in different places w/o it tearing."
"I can use most Olay products but had allergic reaction to this one and couldn't really use it, but it doesnt even seem to be a good moisturizer, it is very like the Oil of Ulay original lotions before it became Olay. the regenerist line is much better and more expensive,"
I did not like this product.  It was in a &#34;raw&#34; form and I was not able to use it and had to return it
"I purchased this product because I read that it was supposed to take the frizz out of your hair and make it soft and smooth.  Well, it didn't do anything like that.  I'm sorry, but would not purchase again.  Maybe it will work for someone that does not color their hair."
"I tried this Remington Electric Roll-On Wax Kit on several parts of my body, and wasn't satisfied with the results. The process seemed to leave a lot of hair behind.  But I do want to say upfront that I have very oily hair and skin, so this natural oil may be keeping the wax from doing its job properly.Below is my workflow...I heated the wax for approximately 45 minutes till it was warm and fluid.  I rolled the applicator on a section of my leg and the wax was deposited in a thin layer over my skin and hair.  This part of the process actually worked reasonable well.  The layer of wax was thin but not too thin.  I quickly stuck on the paper strip, pressed and smoothed the paper into the wax and hair, and yanked the paper free in one smooth motion.  I looked at my leg expecting to see a silky smooth area, but instead I saw hair.  Lots and lots of hair.  About half the hair in the treated section hadn't been yanked out.  I was so disappointed.  I treated the same area again with the same results.Next I tried it on my underarms.  It was a little awkward trying to keep the applicator upside down (so the wax would flow) and positioning it under my arms, but in the I got it to work.  But sadly my results were the same.  About half the hair in the treated area was on the paper, and the other half of the hair was still firmly attached to my body.I tried a few more times with different thickness of wax, but my results were always unsatisfactory.  I tried the process both before showering and after.  Same results.  At this point I stopped trying because the famous quote (source unverifiable) kept popping into my brain:""Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different results."""
"This item just Doesn't work. Now matter how I tried to use it, I could not get it to do anything. Thankfully it was pretty cheap so I didn't waste very much money on it. Wouldn't buy it again. Just a piece of rubbery substance with some small round nodules at one end. It's a lot smaller and more pliable than I thought it would be."
"This is called a travel kit, but its more like an overnight bag. There is not enough here to last through a week's vacation. Plus its kind of pricey for such small quantities. What gives?"
"This product works just fine, but it contains methylparaben, a highly toxic ingredient, and it isn't so good it's worth putting poision on my skin.  I will continue to pay more to use Ayurmedic products, which work just as well and have safe, natural ingredients.  For those who are less concerned with cosmetic safety and who want to be able to purchase a product in a the drug store, this is still just an okay choice, as there are now much safer products on the market which are just as effective."
Does not do anything  you will continue loosing your hair don't waste your money like me that I used a lot
"small bottle, not very good. Does not seem to do anything but smell funny and costs way too much for the size, even if it was big it still isn't worth it as it doesn't work well. I have think long wavy brown hair."
"What i don't like about them is that i did not get what was advertised.  I wanted what a saw in the picture, but instead i got two small jars with lids that serve it's purpose but not very cute.  I liked the fact that the two little jars in the pic got tiny lids on top with a little round handle to lift them up better with.  but the ones i received had no such thing, since they didn't cost must i let it go and kept them."
"This product comes wrapped in plastic wrap but no instructions. It has a pleasant scent, but it is really just oil, and if you want to revitalize your scalp, oil can irritate, especially if it has a scent or other additives.It took a while to review, because this product comes with no directions. Do I wash my hair, add it to my scalp, and if so, how much? How many drops do I use? In absence of instructions, I washed my hair as usual (I have semi-dry color-treated hair), and after the shampoo cycle added some to my scalp. Instantly, I could feel the moist oily feel this product left on my scalp.So, I proceeded, added conditioner and dried (I air-dry since my scalp is sensitive).Almost immediately, I noticed a problem. My hands came away oily from my scalp, Not good, and NOT attractive.  Also, my scalp felt irritated by the oils and perfume. Not good. I went home and rinsed my hair out completely but unfortunately, the greasy oil remained, and I could feel the prickling of scalp irritation. Whatever ingredients are in this product, my scalp did not feel revitalized or moisturized and my hair looks greasy like I haven't washed it in days.I'm disappointed. Perhaps better instructions and a product guide would be useful. I can't say however, that my scalp is anything but irritated and not attractive after using this."
"First I have to admit in not a huge fan of Wen.  I find it to be very heavy, making my hair flat and dirty looking after ""shampooing"" with it for a couple of days.  I had tried this because I thought it might be a good deep conditioner, but I had to shampoo my hair again right after using it.  My hair felt so heavy and just nasty!  This might be a good product for you if you have very dry damaged hair in need of very intensive conditioning."
This product is not the right texture you would think and the color shade is darker then shown. I sent this back and got a refund.
I can't stand the smell of this topcoat that is supposed to help dry your nails quickly. I've tried it a few times but I can't get past the awful smell and ---the smell lasts forever......find another!  This one really does stink!
"For all the hype and hoopla, I found this product to be a real flop. It didn't just fall short- it actually dried my skin out, made me peel and caused a breakout. I can honestly say my skin looked worse when I was using it than it had from any other product. You can get products with the same active ingredients for a quarter of the price anyway. They should be ashamed of themselves for charging so much."
"For me it did nothing. After several months of use, did not see any difference. It might work for some, clearly not for everyone."
"I purchased this Chi  on November 27, 2011. It is now December 29th and I went to use it this morning and it wouldn't even turn on! What a time to break, right before New Years Eve! I tried pressing the reset button, even plugging into different wall outlets (thinking the one in the bathroom was not working properly). I was very satisfied with this Chi, until this morning. Now I'm on the hunt to find another one, maybe even go back to the Chi that isn't digital, they seem to work forever!!"
"Looks better on the pictured Manikin and I got a dark brown when I actually ordered a the light brown, so I ended up giving it to my daughter who enjoys playing dress up - she gets a kick out of this wig so it's not a complete bust on this purchase!Thanks,~ SkyLee"
7 of the same color beige why 7 of the same color2 of the same color orange ( orfull color to boot)two black &#60;black?terrible colors Im sorry I order this ! what a waste of 17.00 bucks :(
"I wish I liked it, I WANTED to like it. It was somewhat drying to my hair and it just didn't outperform the organic 3-in-1 product I was already using and is WAY less expensive than this product."
"Sulfates!  This product broke me out with cystic acne on my forehead, chin, and nose.  Also, it's very drying and I have super oily skin - like wash face at 8am and tiny beads of oil on my nose by 9am.  So disappointed by the product."
"I used this months ago and my hair started breaking off.  I still have flakes and they are AWFUL.  Used it again last week and my re-growth of hair broke off again.  NOT HAPPY.  So I am not sure if it does work on dandruff, wish I could find out."
I literally can't use them - they do not stay on my hair at all&#8230; I have short hair but I read some reviews saying they are OK with short hair. but the clips do not hold the rollers at all. I returned them.
because the payer lie to me it is not a bottom lashIt is the same of the higher lashesWhy you have to lie and take a bad reptution
"I have been using this product for about 3-4 months. This moisturizer does feel like it contains vitamin C, it tingles pleasantly when applied. I like the scent. For these reasons, I purchased it a second time.  had used Aveeno day lotion for years, but had to admit to myself that my skin is too oily for it. That said, this product was much kinder to my skin in that respect. I have had less breakouts. It is BARELY a moisturizer though. It leaves what feels like a film on my skin. It feels like something in it isn't absorbing fully.The SPF, as other reviewers pointed out, is not high enough. SPF 15 isn't high enough in a normal foundation, in my opinion, and this is not a normal foundation. As I said before, it definitely contains vitamin C. Many dermatologists or cosmetologists will tell you to use nothing lower than an SPF 30 when using vitamin C on your skin. It makes your skin more reactive to the sun. I was using an SPF 30 powder foundation over this product.Over all, I recommend finding another tinted moisturizer, particularly to those who are frequently exposed to the sun,and those with freckles and age spots."
"Clumpy and thick on the first use.  I hate this mascara, I usually use expensive department store/Sephora mascara but thought I would try to save money.  It is super thick and clumpy and does not make my lashes look long at all.  What a waste of money!"
"I bought this product after many positive reviews on youtube from ""famous"" youtube Gurus, im starting to believe that they were paid to tote this product.I spent $14 on this lip balm and it wasn't very pigmented (i bought the darkest red shade) but my biggest problem with this balm is how it doesn't stay on my lips, it collects immediately into both corners of your mouth and smears all over the place.It does fade, almost instantly (it lasted about 25 minutes for me and i didn't even eat/drink anything during this time)The product also gets on everything, once it smears (every time, and yes i am applying it right) it stains the skin outside of my mouth so i have to try and cover it up with makeup, it turns pink and i walk around with pink stain in the corners of my mouth.On the other reviews they showed it staying dark red for 8 hours, even after eating, even after adding coats of this darkest red shade it never became as dark as the reviews.I feel really duped for believing the reviews and i wish i never wasted my money on this product.This doesn't even show up as red as the reviews showed them, extremely disappointed wish i could get my $14 back."
"Totally a bummer, the Wink of Pink lipstain came with a broken tip. It was somewhat fixable but it really doesn't work the way it intended. At least it wasn't super expensive!"
"seriously, who beyond the age of 12 wants to smell like chemical strawberries? the cream itself is good, but oh the stench... had to leave it in my work bathroom for people to use as handlotion. yuk."
"It seemed more transparent and glittery in person, while on line it looked more frosted. But I will make do with it."
I love this product but I really didnt use this as much as i should have because I always forgot I had it.
"Olay's Regenerist uses a push-in stick roller delivers liquid and is ""kind of cold because the roller is metal.""  Mrs. B saw ""no difference, really, although I don't have big bags under my eyes, but it didn't really do anything different.""Would she buy it? ""No, but that's not beause it didn't work. It could work for somebody else, but not me."""
"To start with, I've never been a big fan of P&G products. But when this line was brought back I was so excited to try it out because it's affordable and advertised as silicone free and sulfate free. I've been doing a lot of research on healthy hair products and have always avoided shampoos with those nasty ingredients in it. After I've gone through an ENTIRE bottle of this shampoo, and was about to throw away the empty bottle, I saw it was labeled ""SILICONE-FREE"", then I came back to grab the conditioner and of course it's labeled ""sulfate-free"". As another reviewer mentioned, this is really unethical of any company to mislead customers to believe that they're paying more to have healthier hair, which turns out just a trick and we've all been fooled. It is obvious that P&G does not care enough to eliminate sulfate from shampoos and silicone from conditioners, and they think customers are simply morons."
"does not go on good; or look good.guess younger people would like it, but my 9 yr old granddaughter didnt want it."
"Anyone who has seen my reviews on here know I think that the Pureology shampoos/conditioners are simply the bomb and I am a total convert.I wanted to try this product because the other Pureology products smell so good and work so well.  Moroccan Oil works wonderfully for me, but the smell is a bit annoying.Ok, I thought MO smell was annoying until I smelled this stuff.  And this is all you will smell all day long.  Nasty.Not only that, instead of smoothing the hair, it leaves it in these weird stiff clumps.I have tried applying various amounts, various methods of distribution, various stages of wet/damp hair...it's all terrible.SKIP this product.I wish I could get my money back."
"This stuff could be great for super super oily skin. This stuff is so drying even with the primer. It doesn't stay on nice for more than 3 hours. I can't drink water without it leaving a white residue around my mouth. I does cover redness... like after you wash your face redness. It's horrible covering zits. I had 2 and if your dry around those area's, it WILL show. So I won't ever buy this again. I will only get the powder and tinted moisturizer."
I usually love zoya but the formula Is awful..the color in the bottle is amazing but the polish dries matte and darkens in color when it dries so of course u can put a clear coat on to give it a shine but that dark color it dries into doesn't go away....so sad considering the color in the bottle is such a bright vivid magenta but dries into a dark magenta or plum. I do love other Zoyas though
"I was quite excited about taking a vitamin supplement that would improve my hair, skin and nails, especially since these strawberry-flavored gummies are delicious.  However, I noticed that every time I took them I became nauseated, even though I was careful to take them with meals and drink fluids.  I stopped taking them for a few days to see if perhaps something else was causing the problem, and then resumed taking them today.  I again became very nauseated, so it looks like these gummies are indeed the culprit.  I'm very disappointed, because I was really hoping that they would help me."
"This really burns on my sensitive, acne prone skin. After I bought this and used it a few times, I decided it may be better for my skin if I just used water instead."
"For me I have not found this product be very effective when I have used it (although I love the idea!)  As a disclaimer, I do have extremely thick, generally unruly hair so perhaps it just had an insurmountable hill for the product to have to climb.  I thought the scent was fine, at least, and the general consistency of the product was good.  I liked that the directions said it could be used with either dry or wet hair, because it gives you choices within your hair care regimen."
I usually use home made soap made from goats milk. I thought why not try something new. Such a mistake. I used for a week and was so dry and uncomfortable I had to quit using this body wash. I don't feel I am someone with dry skin but this product sure did dry me out. I don't live in a really cold area so dry skin isn't usually a problem.So I have no idea if it tones and I quit using before I noticed any.
"I bought a pack of these because my last set was worn and I needed a brand that would stay in place. I thought this product would be a good alternative to those that slip out. They do stay in place, that was never the problem. When I go to remove it, it rolls into itself, tearing at my hair. Taking these things out hurts and pulls out my hair! Don't waste your money on these! They aren't worth it!!!"
To be honest after adding this into my hair regimen I haven't really noticed a difference. I've been using for 2 weeks with no results :/
"I bought this because I was intrigued by it. It just seems so bizzare, I've never heard of something like this in the states. Besides, my skin is very dry and using this seemed like something I needed.At first, I did not think it was working. My skin soaked it up very quickly and my skin did not feel softer so much as it just felt more firm. I was a bit upset, so I stopped using for a few days, thinking why bother, it wasn't doing anything. However, after I stopped using it, my skin got extremely dry! I started using it again and lo and behold, my skin improved. The results of this are not dramatic as I was expecting, however using this once or twice a day really does keep my skin healthy and flake free.However, I have found two uses for it that I believe work better than a skin mist. This is the best product I have found for my hair! My hair gets very dry and frizzy due to the winter weather, and this stuff is awesome at taming my hair without weighing it down or making it feel greasy. It also appears that with continued use, my hair has gotten stronger and I am not shedding as much. I could be imagining it, but it sure seems like it, I am cleaning my brush out less frequently than before.Another use I found is as a hand mist. I have eczema on my hands and soaps really don't help matters. I spray this on after I wash my hands and my eczema is almost completely gone, which is rare in the winter months.All in all, this is a really nice product. It has great benefits and I am seeing results after over a month of usage.EDIT: 11/29/12I have dropped 3 stars from this review for two reasons. One, I finally found the ingredients for this product and it contains parabens and other chemicals that I do not want on my skin. Really disappointed.Two, I found out that any product claiming to have collagen in it is fake. Your body can't absorb collagen, it can only produce it, so putting collagen on your skin or eating food with collagen does absolutely nothing. I thought micro collagen was different, but that too is just a marketing gimmick :( Really sad.2 stars for price and it's good on my hair and it did help my face, but I won't be using this anymore and I definitely won't be buying it again."
"I really, really wanted to like this product but I just found too many things wrong with it. I purchased this on a whim at Walgreens. I thought Shea Moisture has a pretty good reputation for their products so why not? I have used raw African black soap before. Genuine black soap isn't actually the color black. It looks more like a big brown, gritty, sandy rock and it's very hard until contact with water then it almost kind of melts down and softens. It suds very, very easily and very heavily with no color.So I was surprised when I first opened the packaging at home, to find that this bar of soap is actually black. And the ingredients says African black soap *BASE* as the first ingredient. This lead me to think it's not entirely African black soap, but an additive. When I used it for the first time I noticed immediately that it lathers very differently from real black soap. The lather is a dark gray color ...maybe from the palm ash? Or maybe dye? Not sure why the suds are gray, but real black soap does not do that. The next thing was the scent. I couldn't really describe it before I read reviews on here that compared it to a urinal cake and that's pretty accurate. The smell of this soap is kind of obnoxious. Real black soap lacks much of a scent. I wouldn't purchase again. Spend your money on raw African black soap and leave this stuff alone. It's not worth the price and it should not be marketed as true black soap."
"This product boasts having a continuous spray that can be used at any angle on the body.  No such luck for me.  I could not get it to continuously spray from a straight angle, let alone turning it upside down to get the back side.  I looked like I had dark brown polka-dots on my skin.  I would get one burst of spray and then the nozzle fizzled out and I would have to start over.  There was no way that was going to be an even tan the way it looked when I was done spraying.  And I was worried what it would look like at work the next day, so I immediately showered it off....washed $25 down the drain!"
"I used this in my hair, but it seemed to make it tangled and nappy. Sprayed it on my face and besides smelling like roses, it was no more effective than plain tap water. Wasn't really sure what to expect when I tried it though....."
I have 4a type natural hair and almost every natural girl on Youtube and personal friends rave about this gel so I decided to try and was disappointed.  It straightened my edges for a few seconds and then it curled back up. I suppose it works good if your wearing a wash n go style because it did curl up nicely but I wanted it for my edges and unfortunately it did not work.  I was hoping to have this as a second and cheaper option to my Garnier putty but it did not work for me so I will keep looking for a second option...
"I have used other Giovanni products which I LOVE LOVE LOVE, but this product makes my hair feel like straw. IT was money wasted. So now, I just use the Frizz be gone by giovanni which works like a miracle."
"After hearing Oprah's rave reviews of this perfume, and seeing that it was one of her Favorite Things for 2005, I thought for sure I'd love it.  I ran right out to the nearest department store for a sample of it!  I just had to see for myself...Well, I was NOT impressed.  The scent is so strong and overwhelming that it actually seemed to ""catch"" in my throat.  I accidentally got some on my hand and after four hand washings I could still smell it.  I guess, for those of you who like this perfume, that's probably a good thing.Anyway, I think this perfume is too ""old lady"" for my taste.  It reminded me of J. Lo's Glow.  Which I also have and don't like.For comparisons sake, perfumes I do like are Britney Spears' Curious, Clinique Happy, Escada Island Kiss and Lucky You."
"I don't know what happened because I ordered from Bundle Monster before but this time I got my plates late.  Delivery was supposed to be March 7  but I got it on March 11.  I also bought another set so i got free shipping.  The plates did not come in a box (both sets), it came in a plastic bag. Most of the plates were scratched up and the etching was not deep enough so some of the images are hard to stamp. And the ones that are not etched deep enough just so happens to be the ones I wanted to use and it was the reason why I bought these. Very disappointing...."
"i bought this, but decided to return it.  it was ok. made skin color seem darker/grayish. i think there's better bb creams out there."
its really big ...... and the hair fell out
"This is not well made. I purchased this as a bag to take to the hospital. It had a horrible chemical smell to it that went away once I aired it out. It has a lot of room, but the zippers have broken and the bag has been thrown away. Not something I would recommend for a long trip or a lot of packing."
"These are useless.  Don't waste your money, even for a few dollars these are pointless.  Hair donuts are better.My hair is very fine and straight and I cannot get it to secure, even with hairpins and rubberbands."
"I'm a fair skinned blonde with VERY long eye lashes. So I like for them to stand out, but my hair & lashes are naturally fine so I'm very picky about the way my mascara applies. I recently started using the Covergirl Nature Luxe foundation and I LOVE LOVE LOVE it - so I bought the mascara expecting to be happy, but I'm really not.This is one of those mascaras, and any of you ladies who are also blessed with the long lashes will get this, that clumps all your lashes together. So I apply this mascara, and it basically looks like I have 5 super thick strands of black hair coming out of my eyelid. Typically, ladies usually prefer a line of thick, lush lashes across their eye lids - not 5 huge lashes. I don't think it's the mascara formula, I'm pretty sure it's the applicator brush that causes this, but I HATE it. I can't stand looking in the mirror and seeing all my lashes clumped into just a few lines. I own an eyelash comb, too, but for whatever reason it doesn't help, this brush & formula likes to stick together. Yuck, it's not an attractive look. It's unfortunate, too, because I honestly think I'd really like this formula if the applicator wasn't so bad at spreading my lashes apart.Skip this stuff, go with another brand. (Though I still adore the Nature Luxe foundation!)"
"Somehow when I read this I only saw positive reviews.  I usually use smashboxSmashbox Photo Finish Color Correcting Foundation Primer Color Adjust 1 ozwhich is excellent but expensive.  This sounded like it might do the same job for a third of the price.  I decided to risk it, and now I regret it.  It's awful!  It doesn't blend and just sits on your skin and gives it a really noticeable green tinge (which is just as attractive as it sounds)  So if you use it,  you definitely need to cover it. I often use the smashbox primer just on its own, but with this one that is simply not possible. So how does it work as a primer? Not at all!  It didn't make the foundation go on easier or smoother,  it just made my skin feel stickier. Really,  it's a bad buy all around.  A waste of $8.  I'm going back to smashbox - which is actually an excellent primer and does get rid of the red without making you green."
this product doesn't do anything for me. my skin doesn't seem any different while using it. I guess it's just any other moisturizer but not worth a higher price than a drug store product
My magnet on one side would not stick close. It doesn't hold very many brushes at all. In order for brushes to stay properly they must be put in snug. There is not much room for smaller brushes.
"I got this being under the impression it was a cream at first, because of the bottle in the picture, but it's actually a spray. I gave it to my sister. When it arrived, the cap was broken, and went into the trash. Also, some of it sprayed all over the packaging. Second, it doesn't do anything except smell good. Overall, it wasn't for me, but it smells amazing!"
I bought this to use it to straighten and style my wavy hair instead of using my flat iron hoping it would cause less damage. This thing is a waste of time and doesn't give you the results. It pulls on your hair and causes them to break. It doesn't provide enough heat to style your hair either. I returned mine and would not recommend it.
It's not long lasting and it smells really really strong.  I assumed something for &#34;sensitive&#34; skin would not have a lot of fragrance. (even though it's from &#34;100% natural fragrance&#34;)I used to moisturize my hands with lotion before I went to bed- which was a good time because this stuff smelled so bad I buried my hands under my sheets right away so I didn't have to smell it.Now I've replaced my facial and body moisturizer with virgin coconut oil.
"Yeah, these do not really hold my hair up very well at all.  I wanted these for sectioning my hair while straightening, and they do not work very well at all.  If i tilt my head to the necessary side, I can make do.  (Pun)."
"I wanted to love this mascara because I've heard nothing but good things about it.  However, as stated in the title, I found it to be clumpy, stringy and goopy.  Maybe I got an old batch, but this mascara was just awful!"
I had this product. It did nothing at all. Its serves no purpose. Waste of two bucks
"I discovered Nexxus shampoo and conditioner last year when it was on sale in Costco. It was love at first use and there's been no going back, so I really expected to like this product more. I have fine, very wavy hair and a lot of it. I just couldn't seem to use the right amount of this stuff to get the results others have. When I used too little I got staticy, flyaway hair, too much and my hair was too weighed down and dull.  It was very frustrating and I had to stop using it. I will continue to use Nexxus other products, but this stuff just doesn't work for me."
"Ah, oily hair.  At the end of the day, you take my succulent weave and turn me into flat Steve.  Dry shampoo to the rescue!:: cough, hack ::Wow.  This stuff is toxic.  I haven't run out of the bathroom that fast since I had gastrointestinal distress.  It creates a cloud of fragrance akin to an old fashioned air freshener.  Oh, and it lingers.  My hair looks duller and feels like I put baby powder on it.  It is dry, so at some level this product works.  However, the texture is not improved enough to warrant the fragrance and look."
"This promises alot, but does not deliver! Mature, dry, or very dry skin needs hydration and this cream dries your skin out. Does nothing for the neck either!"
"Not very sure why people are so thrilled about this product. I put some on my hair and it stayed like that all day, did not absorb at all. it is the same as if I would have poured some cooking oil.Maybe I am using it wrong but I am not purchasing it again for sure. Sorry!"
"Horrible salespersons are rude and talk down to you if you don't buy their product after they slap it on half your face. However, I was impressed with the results of their products. I am a 40 year old woman with very sensitive and dry skin, so I'm always hesitant to try new products since I have a tendency to have allergic reactions. These products did not cause any reactions, but they also didn't reduce, replenish or lift anything. This serum does absolutely nothing for my face. It is very overpriced, but Amazon prices are much more affordable. I'm not sure what industrial strength creams they used in the demonstration but the products that I purchased did NOT yield the same results. I will not purchase this product again."
most was dry out what was going on with thisIt was a total rip off dont buy from them
"i dont even know what this does, i bought it hoping it would help keep my hair healthy and cut down on the dryness, over all, it didnt do much for me, invest in something better,although my hair style is curly african american hair"
"i knew this price was too good to be true.  ive used the full priced ones from the store and i have something to compare these to.  these are SUPER SOFT.  the white piece does not ""snap"" off.  they tear easily, good thing i didnt need the size at the tops where its supposed to break because they tore and were misshapen.  im not sure why i did all 10 nails because they probably wont last anywhere NEAR 10 days.  im going to top them off with a clear topcoat (though i shouldnt have to).  beware!"
"This stuff goes on as a cream but ends up feeling more like a powder. I haven't noticed any pore minimizing as some people have, but I don't have large pores to begin with. Plus the fact that it has 20 SPF is good enough for me. It DOES seem to dry out my skin a little. So if you have very sensitive skin, this may not be for you.I should say though, this was the very first ""pore perfector"" I've tried, so I have nothing to compare it too.But, it was fairly inexpensive, shipped quickly and works nicely.EDIT: Yeah this product is way too drying and I saw no improvement in my skin tone after months of using it.I don't recommend it at all."
"Not making any accusations, as I'm not sure where the breakdown took place, but this is NOT Abba Pure Moisture Shampoo. The bottle is the same, the lid is different, the texture is different, the smell is different. It is watery and smells horrible. The real product is luxurious and smells of fresh mint. This product smells like a horrible chemical attempt to smell like mint. I can tell the lid is not the same as in the usual bottle as well. I've been using this product for years, and though the bottle itself is identical to the real product, that is where the familiarity ends."
I have only tried this one time and I didn't like it because it is too thin.  I didn't feel like it did anything for me.  To be fair.only once is not a fair trial. I may  give it another trial sometime.
"This actually seemed to make my hair lighter which I did not want. Not great gray coverage and it fades really quickly. But I bought the 2 pack so I have another one to use. After that though, I would not buy it again."
I really didn't like how it was black and I couldn't really see the junk whenever it pulled this off my nose. It didn't really took as much as people said it would it just took some and i left it on for 15min once too. Ill just stick to biore.
don't think it works for me. I use it a few time and during and after my wash my scalp was itchy.
"I have use this item for a while now and not too fond of it. First of all, you have to dry your hair using a separate blowdryer, then after you do that, section off your hair, then you can use this item, start with small pieces of your hair, 1 inch, and I guess you can achieve the look you are desiring that way. My suggestion, don't buy this product and just do what you are doing now. Which is what I do now."
"I was really excited about this mascara after reading all the good reviews, but it didn't turn out to be as good as I was hoping. The biggest problem is that IT WEIGHS DOWN my lashes, which is the most annoying thing for me. I don't have natural curvy eyelashes like some girls do, so I have to curl my lashes and hope that my mascara will hold the curve. That's the most important thing in a mascara I think, the ability to hold up lashes, not to weigh them down. NYX doll eye mascara does give my lashes volume and my lashes look fuller, but I just can't deal with the fact that my lashes are pointing down after applying this mascara. I'm very disappointed, but I do think if you have curvy eyelashes, this can be good for you. It's very black, and it does add volume."
The color looks nice in the bottle but just isn't as opaque as I hoped. I applied two coats but definitely could have used at least three. Felt like it wore off my toes pretty quickly and became discolored after a few days. This color will go towards the back of my polish collection.
"tried this product over and over, it's definitely difficult, or the directions are just no good. Once I got it to work I still think eyetape works better and is much easier."
I am with the other reviewer on this one. You need loads of this before it even works and it makes your hair really dull!
"My last one broke after little use. This is a replacement. It worked while it lasted, which wasn't long at all. The scraper bent in places leaving polish streaks and scratching plates. The rubber stamper knobs popped off both ends repeatedly and I glued them back on. The little holes and channels on the scraper catch polish which is messy. I think these are flimsy tools, but I like having a large and small side stamper for image transfer. The rubber stamps do a good job when they don't pop off though. I almost bought the all in one unit, but went with this wanting less polish mess by keeping them separated for easier cleaning.Also, polishes dry really fast after scraping, so you've gotta move fast between the two tool moves and there's not much time to gauge nail image placement. All systems do that however - except maybe UV/LED gel polishes which don't show up well and run a bit so detail is lost. To sandwich conventional stamp polish onto a gel mani, I have to remove the sticky layer first and let it dry really well, before the topcoat cure, or the image is smudgy."
"This product works well for about a day and a half, then the tips of my nails chipped off. It also has less than desirable ingredients.  I purchased both the intensive therapy and ridge filling foundation, used both together, and it bonded my soft, badly peeling nails back together, for a short while.  I also wash my hands, a lot! Which is probably why the nails are so bad to begin with! But, other nail treatments I have tried have chipped off and left my nails peeling again, usually by the end of the day.  I am wearing them by themselves, and they are not yellowing either. As for filling in the ridges, this one didn't do too well in my opinion. I still had evident ridges.  Now, as for the ingredients, they contain some questionable ones, Formaldehyde is considered one of the toxic three, and has been removed from most popular polishes sold in this country.  Many of the studies done identified it as a carcinogen that is harmful when inhaled by form, I don't know how high the concentration is in nail polish.  There is a warning printed on the box ""harmful by inhalation"". Here is a list of ingredients in this product: butyl acetate, ethyl acetate, isopropyl alcohol, nitrocellulose, talc, tosylamide/epoxy resin, adipic acid/neopentyl glycol/trimellitic anhydride copolymer, n-butyl alcohol, hydrated silica, triphentyl phosphate, trimethyl pentanyl diisobutyrate, camphor, formaldehyde, stearalykonium hectorite, stearalkonium bentonite, diacetone alcohol, citric acid, violet 2 ci 60725.I am posting a very similar review for the other nail Tek product also. Personally, because of the load of chemicals in both products, I won't be combining them, I will probably just find another product.  There are so many that are just as good, without the carcinogens.  This product was cheap, but I still feel like I wasted my money."
"Since December has arrived in NYC I have found my skin to be very dry.  We have had an unusually warm winter thus far but it is still wreaking havoc on my legs, arms, forhead and cheekbone area.  T-zone area a bit oily with the rest being rather dry and flaky.  Now onto this moisturizer...The product arrived and I applied to my face after my morning cleaning regimen.  My first observation was that it had no scent at ALL.  The product is labeled for sensitive skin, hypo-allergenic and noncomedogenic that is dermatologist tested to be pure and free of harsh chemicals and dyes.  I just don't agree with their claims because of my personal experience.  I use Dermologica moisturizer, scrubs and sprays.  I alternate with St. Ives scrubs every third day and use an Aveeno nightime moisturizer nightly.  For full disclosure I will let it be known that I had abandoned my regimen for a week which initially lead to the dry, flaky skin on certain parts of my face.  This is the reason that I reached for this moisturizer the day that it had arrived.  Initially as I applied I found that it took a bit of cream to actually cover my face and have it feel 'moisturized'.  It didn't feel as if it was enough.  By the midday my face didn't feel as dry as the day before.  The next day I applied again but my skin just didn't feel right.  It felt rather tight and it stung... initially I thought the stinging was a 'refreshing cold feeling.  By the third day I finally realized that the refreshing feeling was actually burning my face.  It was feeling sunburned!!  I didn't realize something was wrong until I took a photo for Christmas Day and I was all red.  Somehow the flash enhanced the mess on my face which alerted me to turning on all the lights in my bathroom to inspect my face.  I discovered that it has a red tint on my upper cheeks/bones and the t-zone area.  I was appalled and very upset that a product marketed for sensitive skin actually did this to my face.  I discontinued use immediately and found that my skin while not noticeable visually felt like it had tiny bumps allover.  Back to my tried and true products and my face recovered two weeks later.  Never will I use any product that is not popular in the USA, nor will I believe a good thing can be found dirt cheap.  My Dermologica products are minimally 25 dollars a piece but worth every penny.  If you need a good value than Aveeno and St. Ives products will fit the bill.Do not recommend this product.  It wreaked havoc on my skin.  My skin isn't that sensitive and this product did damage; I am afraid if a poor soul that had ultra sensitive skin used this product.  I went to have a treatment on my face and the aesthetician remarked that my face seemed, 'sunburned'.  I wish I could point out which ingredient did this but I dumped the tube after I saw that picture Christmas morning.  It truly felt as if there was alcohol in the mix."
"Hate this nail polish. It's too thick and very messy. It leaves weird dark lines on the nail after you've painted it (not when you've taken the polish off, it happens with the polish on.) I actually threw this polish out. I don't remember the name of the orange Brazil line polish but that one isn't much better than this one. I'm not thrilled with these polishes as you can see."
"I was pretty disappointed in this brush.  Based on looks, it looks just like what my nail person uses.  But this brush is waaay tiny!  Its only about 3-4 inches in length, including the dotting tip.  Its so small in your hand that it's hard to hold on to.  Also, the quality of bristles is quite poor.  Once wet with acetone, the bristles all separate and its really hard to get a smooth french manicure line.I would NOT recommend this brush for french manicures.  The brush would probably be fine if used soley for cleanup and the dotting tool side."
"I have psoriasis on my face. It was diagnosed by a dermatologist earlier this year. I have been usingPsoriasin Psoriasis Relief, Multi-Symptom, Topical Ointment, 4 oz.ever since the diagnosis. It was working well at first, but the effectiveness is falling off a bit, so I switched to this for a week to see if it would work better.Unfortunately, this did not work better. I do like that it does not smell funny, it does not sting, it did not make my face redder or my psoriasis worse, but it did not make any improvements, either. After the third day of using this, all the scaliness and redness came back, exactly like what happens when I stop using the psoriasin for three days.I'm giving this two stars because it does not work for me. I can't say ""it's okay"" which is the definition of a three star review, because it is not okay in terms of actually improving my psoriasis. It makes no difference. But I am grateful that at least it was not super-expensive and it did not make my face look worse."
"I bought this yesterday from my local supermarket that carries Burt's Bees products. I applied a VERY small amount under my eyes and like the other reviewer stated, it is too heavy. My skin did not absorb it. I applied it before bed and this morning it still hadn't absorbed and it took me a while to completely remove it. I don't want a product that is this greasy and heavy. Also, I did get a little in my eye while trying to remove it and that was also unpleasant."
"It's fine......nothing special. I have bought a LOT of mascara in my day, and this is just like any other......"
"Guess I shouldn't have had such high expectations seeing as how the wig was so cheap (monetarily). It is also very cheap quality. Got messed up after a few uses and was irreparable. Tangled, started getting all puffy and felt like straw.Using it once? Get it. It is pretty and soft when it arrives. Don't have much more in store for it though."
"I'll finish out the tube but I'll probably ask for my money back on this one.  The recommendation is to do all of your moisturizing and then your serums.  If I put this on over the moisturizer, it's super shiny.  If I put it on by itself, it doesn't seem to be very moisturizing.  If I put it on under my moisturizer, the moisturizer doesn't sink in."
"I have long, straight hair and was excited to try a moisturizing cleanser as the ends of my hair are always dry.  After washing and rinsing (no suds left), my hair felt like I had used a conditioner, so I felt no need to use more, although I did more rinsing to make sure the shampoo had been rinsed out completely.  When my hair dried, it felt thicker, and it was difficult to get a brush through it.  It also looked a bit dull.  The second day was no different than the first.  The third day I noticed that my hair brushes looked different, but I thought maybe I was imagining things.  By the end of the third day it was easier to brush my hair, but I noticed that the outside edge of the brush looked white.  I ran my fingernail along it and scraped off a white residue.  Then I washed the brushes and realized that residue was building up on the cushion base of the brush.  Needless to say, the residue was also on my hair, and more was coming off every day.  Washing my hair with my regular shampoo removed all of the residue that was left, and the shine came back.  I don't know if this shampoo would moisturize my hair because I never used it again."
"I was excited to buy this product because I heard great things about it on YouTube. Then I was disappointed to find out that the stores do not carry this anymore.  But thankfully, I found it on Amazon. It came quickly but the first time I tried it, none of the product came out on the brush.  I tried several different brushes from a fluffy powder brush to a stiff kabuki brush and nothing.  I then took a plastic butter knife and scraped off a little bit and applied it.  I guess it was too much because it made my skin feel tight and was a little too shimmery.  Disappointed and I see why Revlon discontinued this. Throwing this out."
This made my hair feel and look dry and lifeless. It felt like my hair brush was going to tear my hair out as it drug through after applying this. The only thing it did do was to take away the light oily look my hair had after not washing it for 2 days. I left it for two days from washing just so I could try this. I would not use this again.
"Somewhere in the upper echelons of Panasonic is a room full of suited up men, who are having a giant Larf at our expense. They are guffawing, and slapping their knees, and toasting with gold goblets filled with money-wine that they fooled thousands of women into buying this product.Its shiny, its pink, and it looks like its gonna curl the curlness right into your eyelashes. You BELIEVE in it, cause how could something so dazzling and with batteries fail you? I did everything the unintelligible directions told me. I spent an hour trying to decipher the hieroglyphs on them, and finally figured it out after realizing a 3 year old on a cookie high illustrated them.  The device heats up, and rotates, you must press it to your eyelashes and maneuver the button and hold it down, to the left, press upwards, all while managing not to sear your eyeball like a grilled grape.After quite a few attempts, I returned the batteries back into my remote control and grabbed my handy dandyTweezerman Classic Eyelash Curlerand curled my lashes the old fashioned way, and within 2 seconds they were perfectly curled and ready for their close up , Mr. Demille.If anyone says this works, they are just experiencing buyers remorse and are wishing it to be so."
"Read the other reviews...I wish I had spent more time reading them!  This hair dryer lasted 1 year to the day almost.  While it worked, it was very nice.... though the retractable cord feature stopped working shortly after purchase.  But I did like the concept - a folding handle with a retractable cord.  Too bad the quality is so poor.  STRONGLY ADVISE - DO NOT BUY THIS BLOW DRYER.  There are too many reviews like this one."
"This is a total waste. I was religious with it three weeks straight. Twice a day. Nada happened. I guess unless you very over weight with massive cellulite this may work. But on average weight women with cellulite, it absolutely was useless"
"1. This is not sheer.2. Difficult to apply it evenly3. Face looks whitish (specially on me as I am dark skinned)Does it offer sun protection? Cant really make out, I feel I get tanned regardless of applying this."
"This mitt has a rough texture, which is good for scrubbing, but not keeping the soap foamy.I tried this with the Moroccan Black soap (olives and eucalyptus formula) which can get foamy if you use it in a specific way (See my review for how I use it). I also used it with a regular liquid bath/shower soap.When testing this mitt, I would take a hot shower, wet the mitt, turn off the water and apply the soap. The mitt did not hold the soap very well so there was hardly any foam and it felt like you were mostly scrubbing your skin with sand paper and water :( I think because the mitt does not consist of fluffy fibers or fibers that allow a lot of air pockets to hold the soap.Luckly I got this mitt when it was priced very cheap to try."
"I am using this as a preventative maintenance, as I do not have wrinkles. However, similar to what other reviewers say, the packaging is terrible! There is so much product left in the bottle. I did a brief experiment where I cut the bottle in half after I thought the product had run out (since the pump was just bringing up air)...interestingly enough, there was still a ton of eye serum left in the bottle!This product is also tinted, which I didn't realize when buying. It's a yellow color, which was almost too dark for my eyes, so I only used it at night.I would be cautious when buying this product! It might work great for others though!"
We love buying nail Polish bought this and used it and it was very runny it was a pretty color. But it wasn't what I thought it would be like didn't work to well due to the fact that it was so watered down.
"I bought my Honeysuckle from Whole Foods for $10. Everyone said this was a great conditioner. I tried it and it didn't do anything for my hair. It did not feel stronger, healthier, or softer. My detangling process took the same amount of time. So no, this did not help in that department either. I gave it two stars because the conditioner is all natural, free of harsh chemicals and dyes, and is good for all hair types. It also tamed my frizz also.FYI: I have combo hair. Im transitioning from relaxed to natural so I have chemically straightened hair mixed with 4a natural hair."
"I was excited to try this product after reading some of the other reviews.  I was very disappointed that this product did absolutely nothing for me.  Well, I suppose it did provide some moisture, but that's about it.  After using for one month, I see no improvement.  That's not to say it doesn't work for some people. But there are many of us who have dark circles through genetics, and I have come to the conclusion after much trial and error that there are no miracle cures. The best I can do is use a good concealer, and make the best of my ""smoky-eyed"" look."
"What you pay for is what you get...I saw that the lash band was very thin so I thought it would be a breeze to put on just like all the others I have (I put them on in 5 seconds each side).The band on this one was stiff and unyielding, and bent the wrong way. It simply would not conform to the shape of my eye so I just threw it back in the box and put on the other ones that I have. It probably going into the bin or.... to put in my bathroom to scare people."
"I bought it only based on amazon reviews and I really disappointed that this highly rated item is useless. It won't blend at all leaving unequal stains. I didn't have time to return it and now its lying as an unpleasant reminder on my bathroom counter. I truly believe Amazon should do something about it, so reviews ratings are more accurate."
"I cannot  think of a more ironically named foundation that this. This foundation is definitely NOT infallable in my opinion. In fact, I would say this is THE WORST foundation I have ever used.  I am trying to find a drugstore foundation that will get me through the next week or so until I can purchase the MAC Matchmaster, which is currently out of stock in my shade. After a major disaster with Maybelline Fit Me Foundation, I decided to give this foundation a try. I'd read online that it was good for people with oily skin. I also had a coupon for Ulta for $3.50 off a $10 purchase. So I used (or should I say wasted) it on this foundation. I purchased this in Shade 613 True Beige. I usually need more of a natural beige, but this foundation seems to run light. I could tell just by looking at it that the Natural Beige was going to be way too light. The lady at Ulta suggested the True Beige and I agreed. With my coupon, I paid 9.96 for this foundation. I tried it for the first time this morning.I like the pump. That's pretty much the only thing I liked about this foundation.This foundation is very thick. The first time I tried to squirt some out, the only thing that came out was some light brown water. So I shook it and tried it again. Still really runny and watery. I shook it again and it finally came out decent.This definitely is NOT a lightweight foundation. If you are looking for a liquid foundation that will give you a natural look, this is definitely not it. It is  thick and heavy even when it is wet, even more so when it dries. This is not a makeup that you apply and forget its on. You can definitely feel it on your face. If you have any flaws at all, this makeup will do nothing except magnify them. I remember wearing clown makeup as a kid for Halloween one year. That is pretty much what this makeup feels like on your face. It is also very cakey. It is  difficult to spread and blend. It is also not at all buildable.  This is a case of you cannot win no matter what you do. If you apply a thin layer, the coverage is very sheer. If you try to build it up, it looks cakey, unnatural, and pretty much  awful.At first, I thought I had  a good color match. When the foundation was wet, it seemed fine.  But once it dried and was on awhile, it turned very orange. I cannot really comment on the staying power of this makeup, because I could only stand to have it on my face for a little over an hour. I could not wait to take it off. I really had to scrub to get it off. After I completely removed this foundation, my face felt sticky. I tried using water to get rid of it, but that didn't work. I ended up using my Clinique Foaming Face wash before applying different makeup. The bottom line is this: Don't waste your time or money on this foundation.For drugstore foundations, I recommend Boots No 7 Beautifully Matte. For high end, I recommend MAC Matchmaster or Makeup Forever Mat Velvet."
"terrible,,,,The stones are all a mess - - three are missing,- I still tried to use it, as they were missing from the ends, but no matter what I tried,  it wont sit flat on my head, it always rolls backwards, and falls off. It isn't worth the little bit that they charged. Skip this one if you can,,,"
"I tried this a while ago, back when I had bad body acne in my teens. The fragrance only irritated my skin and it was only after using the facial wash that I realized that I was sensitive to salicylic acid. I gave this to a friend, and it worked very well for her because she doesn't have sensitive skin."
"This made my lashed clumpy, waist of time and money. I gave into the hype about this primer, you definitely get what you pay for."
I didn't care for this.  It doesn't make your skin break out but it really didn't work for wrinkles.  Spend your money on something better.
I am not a fan of this product it doesn't smooth on well and doesn't do anything to help with my dry skin it's really not worth the money.
I'm not even sure how to describe this stuff once it is in the hair. I used different amounts and it all turned out the same. The product is really light and fluffy. It is white. This bottle is TINY! A bit bigger than a roll of quarters. Not a huge deal as I feel $10 is not much for a small product if it works. This one did not.Sprinkled it on to dry hair. Moved things around to fluff up the hair. Ok got some volume. 2 hours later I got the bathroom looks ok but has fallen a tad flat. Use my hand to puff it back up. Gross what is that feeling? It was a little sticky but felt a bit oily and dirty. I only used it on the back of the crown. I touch the front of my hair often. Glad each time I tried this product I did not use it towards the front of my hair.In a average day I had fluff my hair back up about every hour. Next day that area felt so gross. Oily and tacky. I had white stuff in that area.This product is not for me. The feeling alone grossed me out and then it never kept volume.
I got this hoping it would be like the glass/crystal ones. Not so much. I'm back with the sephora brand of glass file. Much smoother result.
"I've used and enjoyed John Frieda products to preserve and brighten hair color before.  I was quite excited by this product, since I figured it was replacing the sadly discontinued glaze for red hair.  However, the results are disappointing.  Namely, I noticed zero change in color (except for a few spots on my arms where I accidentally dripped the gloss.)  My hair looked perhaps a little glossier.  It didn't, however, damage my hair or my bathroom.  It does appear to have worked for other people, but it was a big disappointment to me."
"It smells very fake..for the price I just trow it away, gave me headache not true to jasmine, I do not recommend it"
"wrong color. Impossible to match with your hair. There is no universal color guide listed, like everyone know 1 is jet black, 2 is off black and so on..."
"I've been using clear Duo adhesive and it works great, I wanted to try some dark adhesive so I bought this. My lashes were falling off within hours... not sure if it's just not as strong but I did (heavily) powder my eyelids, a trick I use to keep my liner in place. Duo sticks for at least a day and a half even with the powder, this doesn't. I'll try it without the powder but so far I'm not impressed."
I purchase this product on 2/25 and it came in the mail 3/20 which it came one day before its delivery date. But however the dishes is so small the size of a 3 liter lid but a little bit smaller and depth its maybe a little less then 1 inch. I will not be purchasing this item for my company.
"This seller needs to get his facts straight since the product description is misleading, check out Burnout Website for the ingredients. Burnout's Ocean Tested mix has some organic ingredients but this is not an acceptable mix although it offers higher ZO than their best selling mix which has 18.9% ZO and selling for almost twice as this Ocean Tested mix on Amzon.  Burnout does not specify certified organic or the percentage of organic in their mix but certainly dumps a lot of ingredients in the mix. I make my own sunscreen but for times when I do not, I need the same formula as I use in my organic sunscreen mix with fewer ingredients. Zinc is what you see surfers put on their nose for protection.Active Ingredients: Zinc Oxide (non-nano) 20%Other Ingredients: Purified Water, Organic Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice*, Capric/ Caprylic Triglycerides, Sorbitan Stearate, Polyglyceryl-10 Laurate, Cetyl Dimethicone, Magnesium Sulfate, Organic Avocado Oil*, Virgin Hemp Seed Oil, Organic Cucumber Extract*, Organic Green Tea Extract*, Tocopherols, Organic Pomegranate Juice*, Helionori, Hyaluronic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hydrogenated Methyl Abiate, Polyaminopropyl Biguanide.Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one, blocks both UVA (320-400 nm) and UVB (280-320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer - 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin's DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF.BABO has 22% ZO which is not organic but conventional even with higher amount of ZO than organic brand like BADGER with 18.5% ZO but ZO is not the only ingredient in BABO so there are few issues with BABO formula. ZO is like mud, the higher, the better but ZO stays on the surface of the skin for protection so for many, high ZO will not work since it will be too heavy. For a small investment, sunscreens may offer me the possibility of avoiding sun burn, pain, cancer, medical bills, pain killers, etc. that come with exposure to the sun. For that reason, choosing a formula with the least amount of ingredients but high ZO is the best solution so one needs to read the ZO percentage as well as the rest of the ingredient, since it is the whole mix which counts not the high percentage of ZO only. A good sunscreen formula should not have more than a handful ingredients, at least 95% certified organic, protect skin from sun, with no gums, no thickening agents, no perfumes, no alcohol, no restricted ingredients by any other countries, no chemicals, no additives and no softeners."
"Not digging this and still trying to figure out what the big deal is.  I keep reading the ingredients to see, &#34;are you sure this is not Vaseline?&#34;  This is by far the greasiest product I have ever used, and not really sure the results; except I did get new breakouts rather than reducing lines!"
"This product is very disappointing.  An ideal razor is one that gives a close shave without causing razor burn.  This product attempts to do that by putting a 'hydro' gel layer around the edges of the razor.  The gel layer disperses a soap like substances as you shave.  I did not like the feeling of this gel-like substances at all.  It was sticky and hard to get off.  Additionally, it made it so that I could not achieve a close shave no matter what I did.  The razor was just gliding across the skin and not catching the hairs.  And to make matters worse, it still gave me razor burn.  There are much better razors out there."
"My expectations were that this would be either unscented or have a light scent; instead it has a strong unpleasant perfumy smell. I can't imagine women liking it and I think all men will detest it.Also (and surprising to me, given that it's not all that inexpensive) is that it seems to require far more of it than I would have thought. Comparing it to the foaming pump-bottle cleansers I've been using (at about the same price per ounce) this is clearly much more expensive to use.I can't return it because there's nothing ""wrong with it"" but I'm sorry I bought a 3 pack."
"while this does get hot, it does poor job actually curling the hair. I bought a larger barrel, hoping for looser curls, but there's a difference between *no curl* and *looser curl*. So far, this iron has done nothing for me. if i grab a smaller section, the hair slips from under the grip. if I grab a larger section, the outer curls don't get set at all. very disappointing."
Yes it lasted all day - heavy...but contents worried me so I used a few times and ended up recylcing container.
"I hate to write a bad review. I have done so few of them, but I sent this product back. I ordered it in Almond Mint but Tea Tree came instead. That is not even the point, because I am fairly sure it is a knock off. The bottle shape is different and the label is cheaper and different than the one I compared it to from Sephora. Too bad.I got a refund and though I told the customer service person the reason was a knock of product that was not as described, the invoice I got said the reason for return was something inacuous and incorrect 'like customer changed mind'"
"Reminds me of a room fragrance plug-in, like the Kitchen or Caramel or Sugar Cookie scents from Bath & Body Work or Yankee Candle, but more layered & sophisticated. I would love this as a home fragrance spray, especially in late Fall and through to the holidays. But for me personally, I can't stand it as a perfume.That said, I love two other Hanae Mori scents - Couture and Mystical Moon."
"I read all the positive reviews and decided to give it a try. I am not impressed with these rollers since it takes way too much time (and lots of practice) to get it right. Part of my curls were way too tight, I had to use the blow dryer and a brush to &#34;uncurl&#34; them. Not enough large rollers for my med. long hair, the small ones are useless unless you have real short hair. Also the clamps to hold the rollers leave a mark on the curl which again requires a round brush and a blow dryer to even it out. Another item that will rot away in a drawer since I - regretfully - disposed of the box prior to testing them."
"I wish the seller would have listed the product ingredients because, I would not have ordered it if I had known that the first two ingredients are Petroleum and, the next ingredient is mineral oil. BIG NO NO because, these two products are the worst things that you can put on your hair because, they do not really absorb into the hair shaft therefore it never fixes the dryness in your hair but, gives you a false shine. It is hard to wash out of your hair and, off your hands. TOO GREASY. I will not ever buy it again."
I really don't like the scent.. Also leaves soap residue on my skin.  Had major breakout on my body after using.Would not recommend :(
This mascara is difficult to apply. The mascara is flaky and smears extremely easily. I have never had these problems with even the cheapest mascara. Bad product.
I have tried a lot of stretch mark creams and Revitol was one of the worst. The smell was bad the cream was liquidity  and saw no results. Maybe it moisturized my skin but thats not what I needed. Recently tried Strydexin and so far works great. Very impressed.Strydexin (4 oz.) Concentrated Stretch Mark & Skin Repair Formula
"I got this scrub at target because I had received a $3 off in Seventeen Magazine, and $1 off right on the bottle. So I got this for $2. And let me tell you this much I am very dissatisfied with this scrub. So when you put it on your face you tight away can smell the scent, the scent is actually really nice so that's why it got 2 stars. It smells kinda citrusy with a super slight mint scent as an under tone. The formula is almost like a gel it is very thick and it has exfoliating beads in it. The scrub also isn't too harsh on your skin and the beads don't hurt. However the scrub makes your face burn! The minty sensation in this product is too strong and it stings all over your face. Also when I washed it off even though I didn't scrub hard my face was Red!  When i woke up in the morning my face was still super red and putting on my makeup hurt! It was really unpleasant and I used it several times and I'm very unhappy with this product. I also did not notice any improvement in my skin. It also came with a pore strip for your nose; the pore strip was really great and made my acne less noticeable. I will be returning the scrub but I will pick up a box of the pore strips for your nose."
"How many different ways can they market conditioner? A zillion apparently. Well anyway this is just like all the other stuff on the shampoo/conditioner aisle in the store. Sure it's decent but do we really need a new conditioner? I say no. Just lower the prices of this junk. And stop adding perfume to everything. Let us put on perfume if we want, not just because we took a shower we now smell like a flower store. And don't tell me I didn't review this product. This is a bottle of conditioner, just like every other bottle I've ever owned. Different smell, different bottle. Same old same old."
"These are just an overpriced tape. Half of them are useless because they are too small which means not such a great deal. I should have paid attention to the pictures instead of reviews (most of 5 star reviews are questionable. I have seen other PR campaigns like this on Amazon).If you are a side sleeper, they will dig into your skin and create another line on your face because they are very narrow, which will cause irritation. I do not like frownies but at least they are generously sized, you can reshape them. I had to cut forehead patch to use on nasolabial lines (they want you to use pea size patches on these...good luck with that!). I can also use triangular patch between brows, but it doesn't work as good as frownies or just a tape. I would not recommend reusing them though they will stick second time around (not as good as the first time), but sweat, oil accumulate on the patch overnight (these are not breathable), they look nasty after first use, you don't want it back on your face. These patches were actually more irritating than the regular tape (scotch satin), I can not use them. I have red lines on the sides of my mouth for several days now, and a couple of pimples, they accentuate wrinkles even more. In general patches do work (mostly to prevent wrinkles, not completely get rid of them, so please take comments like this with a grain of salt ""I am amazed that my frown lines didn't start reappearing until 2 weeks after using these""), but I haven't found a product that I like. I am going to try dermagen patches next (edit: I've tried crescent shapes, love them)."
Stick to the Fake Bake lotion this one is horrible to apply and did not seem to want to go on at all. Its a bad product and I will never buy it again.This product streaks like crazy and I can honestly tell you that anything you find at Wal-mart would be better then this one.
"I would totally skip this purchase. I just tried this this morning and a few major downfalls.First of all, I purchased both this product and"
"Bought this product because i wanted gentle exfoliation. Well, this stuff is gentle, but too gentle for me. It gets most dry skin off after a few minutes, but it smells weird, takes a long time to ship, a bit pricey and isn't as effective as I would like.EditNoticed that someone voted down this review, so I wanted to elaborate on exactly why this didn't work for me.The most off-putting part of this product is the smell. I could not get used to it after several weeks. I don't really know how to describe it besides sort of garlicy, and it lingered on my hands for days.The exfoliation itself was not bad. It removed about 70% of the dry skin from my face and left it smooth, if kind of smelly. I voted it down because I've used other products half the price of Cure that removed dry skin I didn't even know was dry. Namely, this stuff:http://www.amazon.com/Frutique-Papaya-Exfoliating-Gel/dp/B0048UFTOUSo it's minus one star for the smell I could not bear, one for the price and one for the less powerful exfoliation. If you have sensitive skin which I do not, maybe this is the one for you, but not for me unfortunately."
"I bought this from a beauty supply store.  It was very muddy/grainy and hard.  It was also hard to apply and didn't stick to my hair.  I left it in for HOURS, like about 6.  When I washed it out, which didn't take as long as others said but was still a dirty job, my hair was not covered.  It looked a little darker but the gray came back within DAYS.  Usually when I wash my hair, the grays disappear and then when it dries, there they are - once the leave-in conditioner is gone.  The SAME thing happened with this ""henna"".  I don't know much about henna, but this didn't seem to be a good quality product.  Anyway, that was 6 or 7 hours of my life that I will NEVER get back.  WASTE of TIME.  Save your money."
"I guess it's probably the result of my gene pool but I'm cursed with frustratingly sensitive, reactive skin. Even the one cleanser I've found that is alright for my skin isn't great. I recently decided to start looking for a better alternative in hopes of finally having happy skin. Simple's claims sounded good so I thought I'd give it a try.The first two days that I used it my skin was so painfully parched and flaky I almost gave up. But I figured since it was new to my skin I would give it a month before I tossed it. Maybe I just needed to get used to it. I spent the next three weeks suffering from the worst acne breakout I have had in months! Break-through breakouts are not uncommon when switching cleansers but it just got worse and worse. To make it more awful my skin was so flaky and dried out. But since my husband was also using it and had initially said he liked it I left it for him to keep using. A week later he was having the same miserable breakout symptoms I had been having.Needless to say we've gone back to our old product and will not be using Simple Moisturizing Facial Wash. I believe that one of the main reasons we both had this much trouble is that the second ingredient is Sodium Laureth Sulfate. Having recently read an article about this chemical--and industrial degreaser used in many soaps, shampoos, toothpaste, laundry detergent, and other products for cleaning because it's cheap--I think it's probably part of the problem. I think it might be time to remove it completely from our home but first of all not using it on our sensitive skin!While I hated this product, I did also trySimple Cleansing Facial Wipes, 25 Count (Pack of 2)which I have had no adverse reaction to. They're soft, big enough for the whole face and neck, and nice for those times you need to clean up in a hurry. I definitely liked them better than the face wash."
"Dr. Oz says it does what it does and I trust him a little. I really can't tell anything. However, Dr. OZ got busted recently and was called on the carpet for barking about fad diet tricks and products that were found to be questionable. No, No, No, Mr. OZ. That's a bad doctor. Go home and clean your act up you naughty boy.Doctor said a man had 6 months to live. Man said he didn't know if he could get his bill paid in that short time. Doctor got the man's chart back out and asked how long the dying man thought it would take to pay the doctor bill. Dying man said about a year. Doctor marked 6 months to live out an changed it to 1 year."
"This cologne has a top that is dangerous, you cant hardly find out where he product is dispensed which could hit you in the eye.  This bottle is a weird shape which makes it difficult to place on a counter.Past all of that the smell or the fragrance is absolutely nothing, I don't know what it smells like other than maybealcohol with a hint of something I can't quite make out.  I wouldnt recomment it to anybody... by the way it's made by Coty they should have put out a better product."
"I thought this was some miracle oil, but nope. I hate the texture of it and it doesn't do anything to my skin or hair. Instead, it makes my hair feel really coarse and kinda greasy and it's not pleasant at all. My skin felt leathery after continuous application, too. It's a pretty pricey oil so I wouldn't recommend it if you're tight on budget."
i got this lotion in hopes of it working like the advertisement said.wrong!it stained my feet 0range and ive been tanning for almost a year.the lotion went 0n dry and got dryer!what a mess the smell is like that 80 s selftanner q.t.what a waste 0f m0ney! Pammy D
"This shampoo and conditioner made my hair dry and oddly crunchy, especially on the ends. And still somewhat frizzy on top. I thought I would love it, since I LOVE EverSleek hair serum. But alas, no."
"Where to begin?I bought this item to draw lines on my eyes similar to Dahvie Vanity from BOTDF. I usually trust Korean brands because I am Korean, and I know my country usually makes excellent products... I was wrong.About halfway through the first line, it dried up. I shook it and even recapped it. But nothing worked. I had to use a different pen.The next day I used it again... And the tip fell off! All the 'ink' that never came out when I was using it for makeup spilt out onto the floor!All in all, a terrible and cheap product. Buy something else."
"I read the reviews and I gotta say, all this magical tingly feeling some people feel... I didn't feel it. My pores seemed more noticeable and my face was even a little drier, making my fine lines look not so fine. I threw it out and told my mother not to try it."
"This product is NOT for everyone.  If you have sensitive skin or don't want to risk a massive breakout, stay away.I've used a lot of skin products, and quite a few by philosophy as well.  My skin can be problematic at times, but usually it is pretty balanced and normal- not particularly sensitive.  Well, I bought and used this product due to the great reviews, and it dried my skin out and made me break out. I had flakes peeling off as well as several zits. It was close to my period so I figured that might have been responsible, and since I paid so much for the product and it got such great reviews I tried it one more time. Boy am I SORRY!!!  It has been three weeks and my face is still covered in acne, with red splotches and dry patches that are taking much longer than usual to heal.  My friend asked what had happened to my face and when I told her she said she had experienced something similar with this product. If you have sensitive or dry skin, definitely stay away.  Everyone else should proceed with caution.I hate to give philosophy a bad review, but my skin was great and now it is destroyed..."
"Squirt. Squirt. Squirt. I had no problems with getting the wrinkle reducer formula out of the container as it seems other reviewers had, but, most important, I did have a problem with the actual results.No matter how much I squirted, I dabbed the product around my eyes and the only change that I detected was a subtle layer of white residue around my eyes. Perhaps this is what the manufacturer meant by ""reducing the look of under eye bags."" But, no thanks, my other brand of make-up concealer is much cheaper and looks way better.The tightening feel of the product does have a positive psychological effect and one would expect good results, but, in the end, my crow's feet and lines appeared the same. I would have loved even a temporary skin softening effect, but came up with nil. I would never buy this product even if it were half the price; and I had such high hopes. Oh well, back to the drawing board trying to defy the impending aging process. Ugh, just the thought of it makes me feel old.Stacy Lytwyn, Marketing Guru/Motivational Speaker/JournalistAuthor: CONSUMMATE CONNECTICUT: DAY TRIPS WITH PANACHE"
"I have been using the YouCurl wand (Conair) for over a year, and have loved it! Now my hair has gotten longer and so the diameter of my YouCurl created much tighter curls than I like, so I was simply trying to buy a similar product but of wider diameter. I should've just bought the same brand and model but a larger size, but I decided to try this one due to all the &#34;Keratin&#34; hype.I don't know if the unit I got was defective, or if adding Keratin (if that's actually true and not just marketing nonsense) prevents this from having any impact, or if this is just a terrible product, but it really did absolutely nothing to my hair, not even a slight wave.Bear in mind that I have mediterranean hair, so it curls pretty easily, and the old wand I had created the tightest curls for me, and they lasted for 2-3 days.I just returned it and bought another larger sized Conair model, lets hope that one works as well as the original!"
"In theory, this is a terrific product; quick heating, no ridge results, variable size curls.  In practice, it is less enchanting.  At best, it requires a good deal of practice to maneuver the clamp-free iron.  Using the glove makes it very awkward but without it, the potential for burns in pretty high.  For the person with thick hair who has a live-in stylist or the time, agility and interest to hone their curling skills, it may work well. It is not a product for young children nor would I give it as a gift"
"I went to the NASCAR races this last Sunday- and wouldn't you know it- I ended up sunburned even though I wore sunblock. Not surprising since I don't where a very high SPF because of an allergy to higher spf products. No big deal I thought, I brought that MelanSol with me- so schwing I won't have to stop at a drug store to get any aloe.Well let's just say I have been using Aloe.  This product did nothing to sooth the sunburn and it's really only a mild sunburn!  The consistency and color of the product also leave a lot to be desired. I am sticking with my Banana Boat Aloe. Thanks."
"I was really excited to get this product and see all the colors.  I had read the reviews and saw that most people loved them so I purchased without hesitation.  However, mine took over a month and a half to arrive, so that was a little disappointing.  When I went to use them, I tried the black first and it was difficult to apply because it kept breaking off little pieces onto my eyelid.  So not only did it go on chunky, but it smeared almost right away.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone but at the same time, for a dollar and some change I guess I can't be all that disappointed with these."
"It's cheap, and even more cheaply made - its a VERY thin, soft, spongy material wrapped around wire.  Does not work at all - tried on my hair, my daughters - don't waste your money, esp. if you are a DIYer you can just make it yourself!"
"Rose Petal is my 1st attempts in trying this Maybelline blush and I must word that you'd see no color on your cheeks. Thank goodness that I've ordered Nyx blush in Pinched, so that I can top Maybelline's one with NYX."
"The Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 Moisturizer was a disappointment. I found the cream to be heavy and greasy, and didn't absorb into my skin well at all. Additionally, the added sunscreen/SPF gave it that dreaded slippery texture and heavy feelingon the skin. It did little to mitigate seasonal dryness, and left my skin too shiny to properly apply makeup.Not a very good product, and did not meet my needs."
Makes me feel dry and It wasn't worth the money for the small amount you get it doesnt seem like it will last long.
"I should have known by the price that it's fake but I somehow trusted Amazon. This is definitely not the real thing. I compared the original and this one, it's 100% fake. Does not smell nearly as good as the original and the scent fades quickly. Do yourself a favor and purchase from known retailers only."
"Estee Lauder did not have a gourmand/foody fragrance in their lineup during the Flowerbomb/Angel/Pink Sugar trend, so in order to meet the ""me too"" rush, they quickly slapped together this generic fruity gourmand that wants to be unique and distinctive, but it's about 15 years too late. It's a harried, boring composition that wishes it were as delicately delicious as Hanae Mori Butterfly or Dior Hypnotic Poison but fails to come close to either; trying to please everyone by being mediocre.It is a highly forgettable gourmand/floriental that does not linger in one's memory nor draw comments the way an Angel or Flowerbomb would. If you want to be special, buy an *original* fruity gourmand (i.e. Lolita Lempicka, Coco Mademoiselle, Hanae Mori). If you want to be ""me too"", then get Pleasures Delight."
"I'm 30 (ish) fair skinned woman, who's always had acne prone skin. I'd only ever once found an inexpensive and worthy product that worked, then Bath & Body Works decided to discontinue it (figures) about 10 years ago. Since, I've hunted for the next best thing, spending a small fortune in vain to simply clear up my face. It's just on the chin and forehead, but still there no matter what I use (including proactiv). So I thought I'd try this line of products. Once again, I've been left disappointed as although this product softens the skin and pores it didn't do anything about the acne."
I waited patiently for these brushes. To me dissapointment they do not do the trick. These brushes don't even hold paint well so they are basically useless to me as far as nail art.
"I was expecting the honey scent in this fragrance to be milder and less pronounced, and hoping that the sandalwood and violet were a little more prominent. Unfortunately, this fragrance has a very strong fake honey-burnt sugar smell combined with an overpowering aroma of cheap jasmine concentrate. Immediately after application, I developed a strong headache. 2 hours after application, one of my coworkers begged me to never wear this again - and she sits about 12 feet away from me. I wanted a light, mild, honey-sandalwood fragrance but received what smells like a concentrated version of cheap incense. Beautiful packaging, but the fragrance inside is dime-store nasty."
Might as well buy something at the drug store...no difference in skin at all although price wasn't badwouldn't order again
i don't understand what this is supposed to do.  It burns my skin as if I got a sunburn.  I hate using it because I hate the look of flaky skin.  I don't understand the great reviews.  Am I using it wrong???????  Maybe in the summer time it would be better but I need moisture in the colder winters and spring.
"I think there is something wrong with the consistency of this nail polish. I own bunch of OPI nail polishes and this one can't seem to treat me well. It looks a hot mess just like Nikki Minaj. LOL I love the color, its beautiful. I just don't like how it applies on my nail."
"I would not recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin.I am a very pale, freckled face 20 year old with super sensitive skin.I thought that this being a &#34;moisture rescue&#34; type of product it would moisturize my skin,it didn't. It cause very bad dry patches all over my face instead.Will be throwing the rest of this jar in the garbage, maybe this was meant for people withoily skin? I have normal skin and have never had this bad of a reaction before."
"The lotion worked but...I didn't go three shades darker in one session. Also, the ATO is terrible especially if you sweat a lot during tanning."
"These will not stick long enough to pull out anything even when I apply them to a very dry face. They certainly do not ""lock on and pull out dirt"".  I was hoping to pull out a blackhead but so far I have tried 3 of them and they just become loose or fall off long before the 10 or 15 minutes recommended to leave them on.  Maybe the batch I got isn't sticky enough?  Not recommended."
"Even after about 5 coats, I still couldn't get this color to look quite right. I love Vinylux, just not this color. I'll be looking for another neutral. Also, it's closer to white than pink."
"I gave these a try in my bid to find healthy ways to define the curls in my waist-length, very thick, wavy hair. I hate using curling irons or hair dryers or hot rollers (which never really work on me anyway since my hair is so heavy it would just pull the curl straight down) so I tend to sleep on two braids or twist damp hair around an elastic headband (this works extremely well, by the way. I'll detail it at the bottom). I was hoping to find some easy rollers that could hold the amount of hair that I have and that were comfortable enough to sleep on. These weren't quite as large as I was hoping to find (I wanted a minimum of 2"") but decided to try them anyways.First, I don't understand why they say these are magnetic when they are clearly not. They are simply hard plastic with a hard plastic cover that snaps on through a tight fit rather than any magnetic properties. Even with a tiny bit of hair on the roller, my hair is long enough that it was extremely difficult to get the plastic cover to snap on over it. But I did it after a bit of work and then let my hair sit like that all day on a Saturday. I had been planning on trying to wear them to bed but I noticed the hair was completely dry so I figured I'd see how the curls turned out. They probably would have been semi-okay if my hair didn't get caught up all over the rollers and pull the curls apart in a very frizzy kind of way. My hair was HUGE when it finally came out and definitely not in a good way.I'm sure these rollers are great for people with shorter hair than me. For me, it was just way too time consuming and too uncomfortable to consider trying again. I get amazing results from five minutes of work before going to bed so I'll continue with that.Here's what I found that works:1. Get an elastic headband (I useScunci No-slip Grip Flat Black Headwraps, 9mmbut any elastic headband should work)2. Dampen the hair. I've found that spraying with a spray bottle gets the hair too wet so I just get my fingers wet and run them through the hair. Don't get the hair too wet! Very important!3. Put the headband on OVER your hair running along your front hairline down to the base of your head.4. Take a small chunk of hair on one side and twist it loosely away from your face and then tuck it over and under the headband so it loops it loosely and then dangles down with the rest of your hair.5. Add another segment of hair to it and twist it loosely together (away from your face again) and then loop it over and under the headband again.6. Repeat that for all the hair until you get to the other side. Make sure you don't loop it too tight when you get to the ends of your hair at the other side otherwise your nice big curls will be weird tiny, frizzy curls at the ends of your hair.7. Sleep on it and carefully take out in the morning when dry.This works beautifully for me. I get so many compliments daily on my hair and no one believes me when I say that I don't use a curling iron every morning. If you're going to try it, just be patient if you don't get it right the first time. I tried it about six times, changing small things each time, until I found the way that would work best for my hair. The main trick is though, NOT to get your hair too wet. Otherwise the curls twist and it looks reminiscent of dreads. Good luck! (and let me know if you need anything clarified. it's hard to describe in writing!)"
is impossible to even get on brush to put on and the light doesn't even show on my very fair skin at all. Waste of 5 bucks
A drug store dryer works just as well. I am disappointed - greatly - with the lack of performance versus the price.
"I have sensitive eyes and I had found a good mascara that works for me without any irritation, that makes my lashes look long,and doesn't flake but it is so expensive. This brings me to the reason I bought Lashblast. I thought it might possibly be close to what I had but cheaper since the brush looked similar. It isn't. It has a big brush and when putting it on I saw flakes fall. It doesn't make my lashes look longer either just stuck together. Also, it does make them look clumped. I figured the burning and tearing it caused might be due to the flaking because I did find flakes inside my eye when I looked in the mirror and had to remove them with a kleenex. I couldn't wait to get this stuff off. Here is another problem. It is waterproof. It did not come off easily and even after using eye makeup remover I still had residue on my eyelashes and lower lid after I thought I had it all off. How hard do you have to scrub to get it off completely? I value the skin around my eyes so tugging and pulling on it isn't ideal. Please do not wear this if you wear contact lens.I thought I rated this 2 stars but it came up 3 and when I clicked back it wouldn't allow me to change it. The only good thing I could possibly say about this product is it makes your lashes darker."
"This product is decent if your skin is mildly dry, but it doesn't effectively heal the skin of the moderate-high dry-flaky kind. Even after I apply this to my face or neck, where my skin is dry and flaky, it's as though it dismally staved off and forestall the inevitable shedding of the skin. I apply this ""liberally"" both in the morning and at night, like it suggests, but haven't had impressive results. I gave this product two stars, because it is decent against mild-dryness, but that's the limit of Cetaphil's capability. Also, I will admit, one jar lasts me a very long time. Even after applying a liberal amount, twice a day, it's taken me months to topically consume the entire jar. It's probably the most long-lasting/durable product I've possessed. But there may be a reason for this. One reviewer noticed that his didn't contain a foil seal and may have been a counterfeit product. Looking back, I also don't remember ripping open a foil seal on mine."
"I read these reviews before I purchased this product and was expecting at least decent concealer, but I can't believe I received the same thing as everyone who wrote these 5 star reviews saying they could cover tattoos, and blemishes, saying it was amazing. There is almost no pigment to these at all. I first swatched a few colors on my hand and you could hardly see it, even the purple and dark dark brown ones, and I have fair skin. Maybe worth a dollar?"
"Did nothing to prolong manicure.  Many other base coats to choose from, this isn't a good one.  Too bad.  I really love CHINA GLAZE nail filled."
I made up some amla for my hair even bought the amla line from CVS pharmacy that stuff burns my scalp I made some up with coconut milk /coconut cream &conditioner even before i did that put some amla oil on my hair noticed my hair was coming out where I applied the oil I mixed with oil wont be using that stuff any more .
"This file does an okay job of gently buffing your feet, but won't do much for major calluses. I can't recommend it, because the silicon carbide crystals that do the buffing come off as a fine, blackish shiny powder and make a mess if you use the rock dry rather than in the shower. Unless you want to grab your Dustbuster and clean up after every use, you're better off with a different foot file."
"Please do not use this sunblock if your skin is even remotely sensitive.  I purchased this because Neutrogena products typically work well on my somewhat sensitive skin.  I put this on and within one hour had a horrible rash all over my face, neck, and chest. I have never experienced anything so awful.  I stopped using it and (2 days later) the rash is still pretty bad."
This tangles in my hair if I am not careful.  There is a handle release but once the hair is partially dry it becomes more difficult to detangle. When my hair is shorter it does okay with the curl but if it gets a little too long (my hair length is to my shoulders) then it does not style well. It does an okay job of drying.  Not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush.
This is not black with an auburn color to it. It is red. My roots are now a dark but very obvious red.
"Shampoo makes your hair feel like straw even with the conditioner. Smell was so overpowering I had to rewash my hair an hour later as it gave me a bad headache. They deducted $16.00 for shipping from my return even though this is a very poor, obnoxious smelling product (which is probably why it is being sold online)."
I do not recommend this product......the colors are very dull or too dark.....waste of money all in all in my opinion
"I've been trying out different dry shampoos to find one I liked. I bought this the other day, and was anxious to try it. The scent was pretty good, but it didn't spray out evenly and most importantly, it really burned my scalp! While the price is reasonable, I recommend trying others in the same price range before this one."
"there is a MAJOR misrepresentation here: nowhere does the product say that this is a TINTED self-tanner. but that's exactly what it is! it is meant to give you an instant color that washes off after a few hours if you take a shower. like the Clarins tinted tanner for legs, for example.soooo disappointed. i have tried a lot of self tanners, and this one is NOWHERE NEAR even the regular CVS ones like Neutrogena or L'oreal Sublime bronze. i didn't notice any mess as stated by other reviewers, but the worst part of it is that it is so dry that it simply does NOT spread easily over the skin. it was very annoying, i didn't like using it at all. you have to rub and rub and rub! the best way to spread a self tanner is to mix it with some lotion so it covers the skin evenly, especially on the critical areas like the ankles and the wrists. well it is really hard to make this happen with this product, as you always end up with darker spots here and there. and forget about covering your back yourself. i use a Home Depot painting brush with a long handle to cover my back with self tanner, but that one was a hopeless case to use with the brush.On the other hand, the fact that it is very dry does NOT mean it is quickly absorbed by the skin. Not at all. you need to apply it and wear some old clothes otherwise you will get stains everywhere, even after 4 hours.the only good thing about it is that it turns dark, not orangy. however the color does not last longer than other products. but hell, Lancome Flash Bronzer Airbrush (THE BEST!) does that and gives you a delicious golden color without all the rubbing, the staining, and the delayed drying. plus i found that one here at a great price. So i am back to it.in all honesty, i feel ripped off because i think that most positive reviews have been written by people working at that company. i have a hard time believing that a real self tanning junkie can be sooo crazy about such a cheap product. total waste of $. but now you are warned."
"This soap is low quality stinky garbage.  It doesn't work either. If you want to really lighten spots or whatnot, use arbutin serum.  Wish I would have never believed the reviews on this product and not have spent a penny on this crap."
"this cream does not clog pores, but it did nothing at all for my skin. I have used products such as oil of olay line that work better and show more results than this one.  I would not waist the money on this one, you can go to your local department store and get better results"
My 2 stars are my fault. When the seller states the are large hair bands they mean LARGE. Too big for my thin hair.
"it felt very sticky and made my skin feel sticky all day, and gave me breakouts. horrible product."
"I actually am looking into other ROC products right now as Ive heard that they are good. I bought this on sale. It did not work.Like the other reviewer said on here ""It actually made more wrinkles"" It added to my skin problems. Dont recommend."
"I was so looking forward to using this foundation, but I seem to be allergic to it.  The first time I used it, I developed a nasty rash all over my face.  So I stopped using it and went back to my usual foundation and the rash cleared up.  Giving the Maybelline product the benefit of the doubt, and because I really wanted to use it, I tried it again with the same results:  a scaly, red, dry rash on my face.  I a disappointed, but it happens..."
I bough this thinking it was actually cellulite gel but it wasn't. It's more supposed to increase the size of whatever you rub it on. I don't need any extra inches anywhere thank you. I threw it out
"The makeup I received is old, flaky, and disgusting. It was dried out, not moist, and completely unusable. BUYER BEWARE. DO NOT PURCHASE."
I was looking for cuticle removed and tried this one out. It doesn't work. I remember using Sally Hansen's cuticle remover a long time ago and I will look for it to replace this produce.
"Pros: I like the size; is compact, great for travel. Heats pretty fast.Cons: It doesn't have a temperature regulator. I really wanted to like this flat iron but my hair looked fried the first time I use it and I had heat protector. I'm afraid to use it again. (I have fine, blonde, wavy hair)"
I think these are more for the night life if you have one.  I would have liked them to be more natural looking.  The price is so awesome.  Took 2 weeks to get here.
"A word of caution: Slowly squeeze a small amount of product into the palm of your hand; it's a very light, sticky lotion or conditioner consistency, but it will flow out really fast if you aren't careful. Also, a little product goes a long way, so I suggest using a dime size amount at the minimum and then adjusting as you feel necessary on subsequent uses.I used the smoothing lotion in addition to the volumizing whip and discovered very quickly that it was a mistake to use both of them together. When I did, my hair became extremely flat and I hated the way it felt dry when I would run my fingers through it. After trying both of the products separately from one another, the smoothing lotion seemed to work well on its own.But I don't think it's a good product if it can't still do its job when it's being used with other products&#8212;especially ones from the same hair care line. I'm rating this one a star higher than the volumizing whip only because it does work and my hair doesn't feel too sticky after it's dry."
"Does a good job at lenghtening your eyelashes, but leaves a spidey effect to them. Not a very pleaseant look."
"The texture of shaving gel, after using the product three times, I did not encounter any problems or staining during application, but I also did not see any significant results, or for that matter, noticeably glossier hair. So, if the color did become richer or deepen, it was in a very minor way, which leaves me feeling ambivalent about the product. Nothing bad happened, but nothing particularly positive occurred, either, although the scent was pleasant.Perhaps if used longer results would be evident so if anything changes I will update the review when I finish the two bottles - both brunette shades - I am currently using."
This oil doesn't smell like anything. I tried applying it to something and the smell was way too weak. Would not recommend this product.
"Not only did this do NOTHING for me after 7 months (followed directions 100%), but it STINKS.  It smells like sour milk.  I would actually take a deep breath when applying this because it smells so badly.  I tried and I tried, for seven months, hoping the results would outweigh the stink.  I'm not sure how people are getting these amazing results. Take a look at the other reviews, and click on ""see all reviews by this person"", that helps in determining if someone is just padding the rating."
"i actually purchased this product before in store and decided to buy a back up on amazon because it is cheaper. but when it came in the mail, it was a lot more liquidy and a totally different color than the original macadamia mask i got in the store, super disappointing"
"When I first started using proactive it worked really well, but over time is no longer effective.  I'm not sure if they have changed the formulation or if my skin has become immune to the active ingredient.  Either way I can no longer endorse this product."
"The title says doesn't look to overdone, but it does. It reminded me of old-school gel with that crusty wet look. We preferr a more natural/mild wet. Again axe hits the mark with the scent but this isn't our favorite."
"I had high hopes this would really work for me.  I've had kp on the backs of my legs (thighs) since my early 20's.  Not really sure where it came from although I suspect an allergy to friction/irritation from clothing dyes and sweating in pantyhose (which I no longer wear).  But I've had sensitive skin all my life.Anyway, I used the product (easy to use), no overwhelming perfume scent, etc. as the directions instructed.  The kp did not get better with time.  I gave it 2 stars since it did seem to lessen the kp's redness.  I wish the results were positive for me but I cannot recommend this product."
"The John Frieda Precision Foam Hair Color Glosser in Warm Red dried out my ends. My hair is already being treated (or mistreated, lol) with hair color, hair dryer and an iron, so drying it out further didn't help matters.The color was subtle, which I appreciated... but messy. The shower would have gotten dyed too if I hadn't carefully rinsed it all. My hands were red too. Painting this on would be easier for me, but I still don't think I'd go out of my way to use it again. I'd just rather re-dye my hair."
The product does not have the same consistency as the real Biosilk. It's very runny as if it's been diluted with baby oil which is probably why it's so inexpensive. I will not order Biosilk from this particular vendor again.
"Este cortador e duro para usar, faz um barulho como se estivesse enferrujado, quebra as tips quando vai cortar, ou corta totalmente torto. No valeu a pena. Era melhor pagar mais caro em um melhor. Agora o barato vai sair caro, pois tenho que comprar outro."
"I have thick naturally curly hair...and live in SWFL. My hair needs attention, and I thought this product would help me. Unfortunately, the directions tell me "" apply 2-3 pumps to hair daily for added shine."" Do I apply this product to wet or dry hair? I tried both. All I got was a greasy mess.  I need help using this product. Until the maker can clarify usage, I would suggest staying away from it."
"I don't understand how this eyeliner made it all the way through to production! It's the worst eyeliner I've ever used. First of all, there is a clear plastic piece (you can see it in the pic) that covers the black liner from the body of the pen, and if you don't notice it, it will scrape your eyelid (which is what I did at first, and couldn't understand why the pen wouldn't work.) I then twisted the bottom so the tip would come up higher than the plastic, but then the tip broke off! Back to square one.The other problem with the plastic part is that if you do not have the pen at a 90 degree angle to your lid, it not only hurts, but the eyeliner won't work. I have never had so many issues with any sort of makeup item, ever. All around difficult product to use and I would NOT recommend it to anyone."
I was unable to use this product as it dried my skin out too much.  I would not expect that to have something scent and dye free meant that it would be so harsh.
"These bottles are much shorter than pictured, and THEY LEAK LEAK LEAK, cant use them, they leak constantly, poor poor poor quality, dont buy"
"I live in the desert southwest so there is little if any humidity at all.  I sprayed this on and it smells wonderful, however it remained on my skin for a good 20-25 minutes without ever totally being absorbed.  Eventually I just wiped off the residual  with some tissues.If you're looking for something to spray and go - this is not the one.  For example, I've used Tahitian Monoi spray oil by C.Booth and within moments it is in my skin, feeling soft and smelling terrific.This stuff is a lot heavier than others I've used but maybe it's more of a subjective thing and someone else's skin will drink this up in seconds.  Your call, but the scent is lovely and I may still use it again when I have time to spare."
I didn't like the fact this comb snag my hair so much.  It seems as if the plastic in between the comb had some sticking out and the pulled my strands.  Very disappointed with this purchase I will purchase this again.
The dollar store eyeshadows work better!! the only color that you can use is the blue all the others don't show DON'T BUY!
"My wife tried to use this on her damp hair after toweling off after a shower. She was not impressed having to go over the same parts of her hair many times and was still not happy with the results of the straightening. After trying it on dry hair without any better results this straightener met the fate of the drawer never to be seen again. She went back to her ""Remington S9520 Salon Collection Ceramic Hair Straightener with Pearl Infused Wide Plates, 2 Inch"" which she has used for years and absolutely loves. She advises skipping this one and getting the S9520."
La Roche Effaclar is just okay because it didn;t do anything for my acne at all. i will just skip it
"This cream has a pleasant, fresh fragrance and I like the feel; however, I am apparently very allergic to some ingredient in the cream as after 2 nights, my face broke out in very painful bumps where I had applied it.  Will have to search elsewhere for something that meets my needs.  Based on being labeled &#34;For Sensitive Skin,&#34; eother reviews, I had hopes this would be usable for me"
The taste of the powder turned me off from really spending any time with it to determine if the benefits of it were really worth it.I can say when I had some of this it turned me off from wanting to eat for a little while due to the chalky aftertaste I had from it. I wouldn't recommend this personally. I can't really say anything more of it -- once I had a little I pretty much made up my mind I wouldn't be using it any further.
"This stuff is great but they hiked the price WAY up, which makes it very undesirable for me to purchase."
"I was excited for this. I have a problem with large pores. This product didn't make even a tiny difference! Very let down. It left this oily residue on my skin, and my skin looked exactly the same except for the layer of product you can actually see. Not worth it!"
"This is good soap...but definitely not worth the price tag. It did not leave my skin soft, but it works well as a cleanser....but so does Dove Pink, and Dove smells so much better!"
"I expected the cleaning head to rotate. Instead it was a very weak vibrating, and would do little to nothing to clean your face. Spend a few more dollars and buy the name brand."
"I have used Maybelline products for a while now. I'm not fond of their mascara but their lipstick (semi permanent kind) is affordable and decent. So, I decided to buy this product. It is NOT waterproof and if you just move wrong it will smear all over the top and underneath area of your eyes. I use Bare Minerals and their vitamin mist and spray it after I've applied all my makeup, that really makes this product smear something awful! This is garbage and I hope Maybelline fixes the issues!"
"HERE's WHAT I THOUGHT OF THE BRUSH AT FIRST, SEE BELOW FOR UPDATED REVIEW:I bought this after seeing a vlogger's tutorial.  I use it to apply both liquid and cream foundations.  It seems to make the cream makeup go farther, but tends to soak up the liquid foundation.  I either spritz it with Skindinavia's setting spray or wet it a little to prevent the soak-up factor, and to thin out the cream makeup a little.  I apply it in circular motions all over, which gives me a sheer-to-medium finish.  I then go back in (after it's dried/soaked in after a minute) and stipple cream foundation anywhere I have discoloration problems (acne, sun spots, etc) and lightly go back over that with a circular motion.  I even use this brush to apply powder blush after I finish my foundation (and before washing the brush).  I tap a little powder blush into my palm, pick a little up with the brush by tapping it gently into my hand, and apply.  Some blush I own looks better if I buff it in gently with circular motions and other blush (the light colors with shimmer) look better if I just stipple it on over the foundation.  If you stipple, it won't disturb your foundation one bit!.  Awesome brush.  It's super soft, yet firm and does not shed.  I even clean it daily with alcohol (dip it right on in!) and it seems to stand up to that kind of abuse!UPDATE:About a month later, after a few washings w/gentle soap, this brush just fell apart. :(  And not a little at at a time either...it was losing hair all over my face (not just a few here and there) and when I inspected the brush the entire clump of remaining bristles came out in my hand.  Somehow the glue softened up and released from the handle.  Too bad, cause it was a nice brush."
"According to the directions, this mask is to be used biweekly in place of conditioner (they presume you are using conditioner of the same brand).  There isn't a lot of guidance about how to use this product such as, for instance, how much to use, so I just used about as much as I would with regular conditioner, which is to say slightly more than a pea-sized drop.  The directions do indicate to massage the product into your scalp and leave in for three minutes, then presumably rinse like regular conditioner.I have used this product three times over the course of a month and I have not noticed any significant difference.  There is perhaps slightly less flaking, but still more than I'd like.  My hair has the same feel and texture as it's always had before the use of this product.  There is no noticeable smell to the product, either pleasant or unpleasant.  As far as I can tell, this product is just overhyped conditioner.  I will continue to use this container's worth, but I will not be purchasing an additional supply."
"I purchased this beauty blender combo package after reading review on Amazon and Ulta as well as watching several YouTube reviews. The blender was easy to use and definitely should be used in it's ""wet"" application form vs. dry. The stippling method was very easy for applying good foundation coverage.The downside that I found was that when I used the blender to apply BB Cream it was sucking up a *ton* of excess product. So where a blender application was taking 2-3 full pumps of Missha BB Cream, finger application was taking under 1 full pump and getting the same level of coverage. Since I'm using my BB Cream as a foundation there's no other product in my routine to use the blender on and I've just sort of retired it to the back of the bathroom closet.While it might be great for liquid foundation application the blender is just the wrong tool for BB Creams; and BB Creams are turning out to be far better than foundation, making the blender an unnecessary tool."
"Applying this product is both  and exasperating and awkward. The paper stencils are flimsy and rip easily. I could have done a better job tracing eyebrows on paper and cutting out along the lines . Unless you are extremely patient, you will be disappointed with this product."
"I'm not sure how this gets 5 stars from reviewers.Here's what arrived.  A handle separated from the brush, with super short bristles that were very unevenly cut. I gave this 2 stars because I liked the texture of the bristles, even though they were uneven.What would I pay for this?  $2 to $3.00 max. It's junk."
I'd like to add pics but not seeing that option I'm using my phone. The bottom prong/tooth whatever you call it is broken off and the package is still fully intact if it breaks so easily before even bring used I can't imagine it being able to handle my tight curls but I should have known from the super straight thin hair of the model they used however the hassle of returning the item is just not worth the stress
"I got these for my wife to try out, and as far as the razor goes, it works about as you would expect. It gives a decent shave, although right out of the package the blade seemed to be a bit on the dull side (the other included blades ended up being noticeably better). If it's all you've got, it does the job, but there are definitely better disposables out there. That an $8 (MSRP) razor comes with dull blades was on the disappointing side and didn't exactly inspire confidence that &#34;trimming&#34; would be any better. It wasn't, and basically the blade dulled very quickly while the trimmer guard is clogged, requiring constant cleaning. My wife really didn't seem to like the experience and even went so far as to say that it just &#34;didn't work&#34; for her.As a razor, the Bic Soleil Shave and Trim is adequate, if overpriced. As a trimmer, it seems to fail miserably and just doesn't give you the kind of control you need around sensitive areas to actually do a good job. If you couple that with a dull blade (which some of them are), then you're looking at disappointment and a product that accomplishes exactly the opposite of what is advertised."
I followed the directions and it just doesn't keep my hair curled. I have thicker hair but I tried only a small section and that didn't stay either. :( I would love to use hot rollers instead of a curling iron but they don't ever seem to work!
"This foundation has good coverage and lasts all day with primer, but is terribly pigmented. It's fair and meant for light people, but really it would probably only work for non-Caucasian light skinned people. It's EXTREMELY yellow-tinted. It made me look like an alien. Would probably look good on those of Asian descent."
"I don't get the rave reviews. I received the exact color and brand in the picture, salux. But it's so rough and scratchy that I actually cut my thigh while using it. Wtf? Literally three scratches on my thigh. I'm better off with a cheap loofah ball from the dollar store. And I was not scrubbing too hard. I've only used it once though, I will try one more time and will try to barely graze my skin with it. If not im going to cut it up and use it to scrub things clean because boy does it scrub. Who knows maybe this was a knock off. Either way I would not recommend it from this seller."
"I've ordered this product in the past (along with henna - which I'm very satisfied with btw) and this Indigo does not do it for me at all!! I have one more pack to use and then that's it .... I will not be re-ordering. My natural hair colour is a 1B (off black); I've been using henna so of course there's a red tint to it now; I was hoping to get rid of this ""red tint"", as I prefer jet black hair. So not the case - my hair still has that tint.... and YES I left this Indigo on for at least 3 - 4 hours!!! If you're looking for Jet Black Hair - well good luck but I couldn't seem to achieve it here. Two stars because the product's application wasn't messy and washing/rinsing it out wasn't bad. Smell isn't crazy-bad either."
"The gel ( eye lift side) did nothing for me. The cream was ok, but did not lighten my dark circles or change them at all."
"These hair ties make my fine hair look limp when in a ponytail. I agree with another reviewer, that these are all about quantity over quality. The elastics stretch out way too fast."
Cmon guys...no instruction booklet? A few starter tips to lovely nails? These have proven worthless to me. I am disappointed!
"EDITED 8/31/2013:  AFTER USING THIS PRODUCT A NUMBER OF TIMES, I DIDN'T NOTICE ANY SHINE OR GLOSS FROM IT.  MY HAIR LOOKED THE SAME SO I WAS DISAPPOINTED.  I ALSO HOPED IT MAY HELP SEAL MY COLOR BUT IT DIDN'T.I've used this product once, and my hair is very silky and manageable.  I always let my hair air dry and it is usually on the fluffy side and knots easily.  I went to sleep with a wet head after using this and my hair was silky straight, smooth and untangled in the morning.  It looks very healthy and rich, and feels so silky.I'm looking forward to continued use as the shine is supposed to increase over time.  I'm hoping that's the case."
"I must have gotten a bad or defective unit because mine does not cut cleanly no matter toenail or fingernail. It was driving me nuts not cutting through a nail no matter how many times I tried. I don't know how it happened, but it also came apart after a few weeks. What a waste of money, no guarantee."
"This is a super fine glitter polish. By superfine, I mean it makes flat polish shimmery. I bought it with hopes of doing a glitter fade manicure, but it is way too fine to show up. I initially put it over cream puff, but it was barely visible, even in the sunlight. In the end, I used regular glitter and a half empty bottle of old shellac top coat to achieve the actual glitter look I was going for. If you are looking for something to make your existing flat shellac colors shimmery, this is your product. If not, you are better off making your own with a bottle of top coat and some glitter."
"I love other Nioxin products, but this one is useless.  The Treatment System 2 really works.  I like the Garnier Fructis Fiber Gum so much better."
"I made the mistake of purchasing two of these, expecting them to work. I think this is the darkest shade they have. I received it in the mail, and I put some on my face and all that happened was I looked extremely dry and it was way too light more me. It doesn't work at all. Neither side works for what it says its supposed to do, they look practically the same on your face. I'm not really sure what i'm even going to do with the other bottle of this i wasted my money on&#8230;good thing I didn't pay anymore than $3 for both bottles&#8230;."
"Firstly, this is not a styling creme and you will get frustrated trying to use it to hold a style. It's a moisturizer and way over priced. It works, hair is moisturized but I get the same effect with Pantene's Relaxed and Natural Daily Oil Cream Moisturizer for five bucks. Still on the search for a good styling creme that doesn't flake.Disclaimer: My hair is thick and medium coarseness. I don't have that cooly hair but it curls up when wet. On a rush day, I put conditioner in it and go. So your results may be different with different type of hair."
"I have had difficulty with acne and other facial blemishes on and off throughout my life. I was hoping this would help with my acne outbreaks without drying out my skin.However, I had to stop using it after 2 weeks. My face started becoming extremely itchy, irritated, and dry almost immediately. I thought maybe my face would adjust so I continued using it. But then I started waking up scratching my face like crazy. I don't have what you would call sensitive skin. In addition, I did not see any improvements in my skin. Granted, I did only get to use it for 2 weeks. But I would have thought if it was working I would have started to see some improvement, however slight.Therefore, I have to say I would not recommend this product. Of course, it is totally possible that it would work for someone else."
Don't care for these trays.  Takes too much acetone and too much time to soak nails.  You can do a better job with cotton balls and tin foil.
"On the way to work, I realized that I forgot all of my makeup.  I had a meeting, so I stopped by a drug store to pick up some powder, lipstick and mascara.  CVS didn't have Coty powder (which is my favorite powder in the world), so I picked this crap up.  I am a very light skin redhead, so I chose the lightest color CVS had (fair translucent).  The powder didn't disburse evenly on my face, so I looked like I had a very blotchy tan."
"I was very satisfied with the Clear brand shampoo that I received, but this ""scalp and hair beauty therapy"" product is way too greasy, and I'm not really sure of its intended purpose. Is it a hair straightener? Is it simply for nourishing the scalp? It's hard to tell since there are no directions. Open the container, however, and dip your finger into the contents and be prepared to spend a bit of time trying to remove the residue. My fingers were greasy, and remained so after scrubbing them with soap. I didn't even consider placing this in my hair.Based on the ad on Amazon that show an African-American woman, I assume this product is for African-American hair. It was surely not for me, hence the rating of one star."
i used to use the elf defining eye brush for everything. even just plain eyeshadow eye brows what ever. but then i got this one.. the top is still connected to the handel yes but this hurts to use on your eye. get a defining eye brush and cut it straight.
"this one i guess is the cheaper version of derma e products. it is got too much fragrance, and is very sticky, they have some better products to offer"
This is only ONE dollar at through E.L.F online..or walmart...target... etc. Don't buy it. Even for one dollar it's not very good they are hard and shed. I'd recommend the e.l.f studio line brushes - which are three dollars each (still less than this rip off) and are much better quality
These give me a headache. They sit right on the pressure points and they have these built in combs on the side that get stuck in your head. Trying to re-adjust it in your hair is a pain b/c it gets caught. These are terrible.
I love this brand but do not buy Paisley! It smells terrible and will give you a headache. Super strong perfumed scent that I cannot deal with. Hate to waste it but it smells really bad. I recommend the original fresh scent and blush.
"Not for curly hair, regardless of your hair cuticle texture.  I have very fine, thin hair that just happens to spiral curl, and thought that perhaps since my hair is not coarse I could still make this item work for me.  It really doesn't.  If I were to flat iron or blow dry my hair, I suppose I could have more luck with it, but I shy away from such heat intensive curly hair abuse and definitely won't sacrifice the healthy of my hair just to try to better accommodate a hair accessory.So, if you have straight hair: kudos to you, this item should work well for you, and is well constructed to last and give you a quality result (tried it on a gal pal with straight hair after my abysmal failure to launch this look on myself).If you like to convert your curls to straight and then do an updo/bun style, try it out, but I have no results to report to you.If you're like me, a curly girl who won't go straight, then save the $$ and just buy the super long Conair bobby pins (not those old fashioned straight roller pins that we grew up calling bobby pins...they're not the same thing) as 2 or 3 of those criss-crossed in my hair worked exponentially better at holding my bun in place than this did."
"I bought this because it was cheap. Well you know what they say, ""You get what you pay for."" Worked fine for a week (basically one use). Then the bulbs started falling out and it wouldn't stay lit. Sent it back."
"does not work for my puffy under eyes even after religiously applying it along with the serum for one month, did not make any other change to my under eye area. Waste of money"
"I am very good at taking care of my brushes. They are stored in a BE bag carefully. I've had many of my brushes for ten years, and they look and feel like new. This is important to note, which is why I'm giving the background.I used this to apply a highlighter and bronzer, and it worked well, though it isn't up to (for example) Bare Escentuals Kabuki Brush quality. The bristle are soft enough and plentiful, but they don't &#34;grip&#34; the product the way BE brushes do. They are also not as soft, and shed a tad more.But my gripe is that the ENTIRE brush- the whole cover to the brush itself- fell off within two weeks. It had no locking mechanism or anything where I could just slip it back on. I'd have to glue or tape it back together. (Which would look and feel tacky, to say the least!) I have no children or anyone around who touches or uses my brushes. So I know that it wasn't destroyed by a careless third party. I have NEVER seen a makeup brush- even cheap dollar store ones- fall apart so fast. I'm not seeking my money back, because it was not enough of a cost output to warrant sending it back. Maybe this is just a fluke- but I will steer clear of this brand forever, despite the good reviews many people have given their brushes.It's back to Revlon brushes for me! They're a good drugstore brush brand that I can trust...I will never buy Eco Tools brushes again. If I have the income again in the future, I'd return to my Bare Escentuals brushes for any new purchases. I felt I owed fellow shoppers a review and a warning- spend your hard-earned dollars on a better brush!"
"I really love this stuff but cant justify the price when I only used a couple times and it turned green. I called the makers of fake bake and told them what happened they didn't seem to care. Customer Service is lacking. Will not buy again. Swedish Beauty Botanicals has a great self tanner for the face and body, is cheap and smells great. It is also sold on Amazon for less 1/2 the price they sell at the tanning salons. I bought a tube that was 50.00 for 20.00  on Amazon."
"After a disastrous first attempt to use this product (my hair was literally a black color by the end of the &#34;cool brunette&#34; bottle), my stylist cautioned me against ever trying this again. She explained that it does leave deposits on the hair and can be damaging to the overall color (since there are only two shades of each color, that should give you a hint as to how muddled your hair will become). As I explained in another review: while the description reads &#34;non-damaging,&#34; the print-advertisement from last month's Allure has an asterisk next to this phrase. In small print, at the bottom of the page, it reads, &#34;compared to oxidative hair colouring&#34; (52).And, it needs to be noted that I went to one stylist before this one ... she had NO IDEA how to fix the damage that was done. (I left that salon and went to another).I cannot caution you enough to be careful with this very drying, flat color product. I wanted this one to highlight my natural red undertones, but there was NO WAY I was trying this after the last bottle. If you have your hair colored professionally, continue to do that (and skip this product!) It cost me $124.00 with tip to have my color fixed."
"There are a LOT of rollers but they are plastic and not magnetic at all.  They set only comes with I think 12 or so clips so you will need to buy more.  Honestly though the rollers are just a slippery plastic and even putting just a few rollers in, most just fallen right out before I even got a chance to get under the blow dryer.  It's kind of funny the clips stayed in but the rollers didn't.  so I just had a wet head with a few metal clips in it.  I suggest getting better/longer clips with this set."
"I love the Konad stamper I have a double ended one, but I ordered this because this is SUPPOSED TO BE set II and the Konad official website shows that item number with a white stamper and same with the image on here, but I got it from the seller Nail Beauty 4U and they sent me it in pink, I specifically ordered this expecting the white one, I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it would come in pink because I have the double stamper which is pink and its just about impossible to transfer full nail designs with pink colored polishes."
the spine on the lashes is literally a piece of string. Need to trim it when you get. I had to yank it off the package to get it off which in turn damages the lashes. cheap but it guess it lives up to it's pricing.
"I really wanted to like this product. Priced right, smells great, feels great, and the reviews were all great both here and at Sephora, but it make me break out. I don't have acne issues at all, never had. I continued to use it for several weeks but it just left me a little oily. I have normal/combination skin and I'm still in search of a good cleanser and moisturizer. Trying Murad now."
"Perfect example of all hype. All it did was make my face feel like it was been sun-burned, wreck a bowl, and make me smell like dirt."
"ITS NOTHING BUT GRIT....ITS FEELS HORRIBLE, I BLENDED IT, MELTED IT DOWN AND WHISK IT AND ITS STILL FEEL THE SAME LIKE GRIT. I THREW THE STUFF AWAY. I CNT BELIEVE IT. SHEA BUTTER SUPPOSE TO FEEL LIKE THAT, I TRIED TO WORK WITH IT BUT I JUST COULDNT GET IT TO WORK. I AM SO SORRY THAT I DIDNT STICK TO OTHER SHEA BUTTER I ORDER PRIOR, BUT THIS ONE IS HORRIBLE. MY ONIPION IT DIDNT WORK FOR ME..."
The actual hair piece is smaller than it looks in the picture. It has a coarse texture.Pro: It is not expensive.Con: It looks cheaply made.It ships from China so be prepared to wait about 3 weeks or more for delivery if you are in the US.
This shade was too dark for me so it isn't the product that sucks just I stupidly got the wrong shade! I love Maybelline.
"The product itself is not awful, it is just not for me. I have been using it for about a week, and it caused me to break out worse than my acne that caused me to buy this product. Did not work for my skin.."
"I purchased this item in September, only to have it burn up in less than 4 months. I used the hot air brush only occasionally, perhaps 2 times a week. It did a nice job styling my hair, and I think the anti-static ionic feature made a difference. Unfortunately, the motor never ran an even speed. The second to last time I used it, I thought I smelled smoke. The last time I used it, I definitely saw smoke. That was enough for me to throw the item in the trash. As a result, I just can't recommend this item.For a period of over twenty years, I had 2 different hot air brushes from Conair. Unfortunately Conair no longer makes the model that I used. I took a chance on this Hot Tools item as a replacement, but this Hot Tools product was more expensive AND failed in 4 months.This was my first time with a Hot Tools product. It also was my last.I just purchased a different Conair product. At least I know it will last."
"I was looking for a perfum with pheronomes (if it exist), they add this product as if it real. Didn't smell as perfum reallydidn't smell, nor last. I didn't return because it was too expensive to do it, and doesn't worth to spent more money. An otherscam."
"I tried this brand thinking it would be great, but wow the eyeliner was all over my eyes within 20 minutes, Huge disappointment. so know I have this eyeliner that I will never use again, waste of money for me. If I use a eyeliner, and take the time to get it right, I want it to stay until I am ready to take it off, I will be staying with my wet n wild H20 eyeliner, it STAYS"
"I normally love Olay products. I previously used the dry cloths that need water but decided I should try the Regenerist version since my skin is aging. These cloths removed eye makeup which was great but they felt dry and made my eyes burn. The after feel was unpleasant and felt a little oily to me, to the point where I ended washing with soap. I will keep using to see if they grow on me but at this point, I will probably go back to the dry cloths."
"Had a few days to use this. My wife tried it as well. Not to sure how they developed this; however I was a little concerned when I noticed that it was not ""FDA"" approved, especially since it emits a very extremely bright light. I would be cautious about using it around the facial area, especially without some sort of eye protection. Considering the price they are charging for this unit, they should have included eye protection. Did not notice any real improvement over acne or other skin blemishes. It is obvious that it will not give you overnight results. So, at this point, until further research is available, I would not recommend this product, especially for the price it is listed for."
"I used Olay products for years and trusted the brand name for a long time. This product doesn't turn me off of Olay products - although I've tried to switch my health and beauty products to ones that have ingredients I can actually pronounce - but I really did not like the Olay Regenerist DNA Superstructure UV Cream.The cream is not so creamy. It's quite heavy and difficult to smooth on to my skin. Even when I use just the small amount dispensed by the pump, it takes a while to rub it in, and then if I am out in the sun, sweating makes the stuff run down my face. Also, there is a very strong perfume scent to the product (it makes me sneeze), and I found that not only did I have that same scent on my face, it was nearly impossible to wash off my hands after using the cream, so I end up smelling the stuff that makes me sneeze throughout the day.I had to stop using this product after a few attempts. It just doesn't work for my skin or lifestyle."
"This product did not work well for me. I did, however, notice that although my nails did not grow longer, they did not chip and split as much. I would have given this product at least 3 starts for that fact, except that the bottle was half empty when I received it. I did not get the promised .45 oz."
"I usually love my opi nail color, and this is why I figured that this would also be a good purchase. It's not a good formula, because it is very hard to achieve an even coat without streaks, even with two coats. And I use a base every time I paint my nails, as well as a top coat and for some reason this stuff just wants to flake and chip off. I don't even use it because I was so disappointed with it. The color is not anything to write home about either. Super bland and flat color. Nothing that I would expect from opi, but no one is perfect all the time. I usually don't need to even use a top coat with most of their polishes, but this one sucks with or without."
I purchased this from a local drug store.  I'm light - med combination skin and i get dark marks after my acne clears.  It did not fade at all with this product.  The cheaper stuff (Porcelana) with hydroquinone worked far better for me
"This is a nice lotion but I think it is a little heavy for the face.  I do like it on my neck and shoulders.  As I get older, lotions with SPF sometimes don't absorb the way I hope they will.  I'm sure many others will love this."
"Colors are bright and vibrant as the picture shows. The formula leaves a lot to be desired. It smells horrible, not even like the typical nail polish odor, but some weird chemical smell. They go on streaky as well, and have to be applied painstakingly in order to look smooth."
"I should have listened to the reviews, the clips do leave kinks in the hair. These do look out of place compared to the smooth volume of the rest of the style. Plan on pulling out your straightener  to try to get the kinks out when all is said and done."
"Both grandsons said no way to this product.  It was awkward to open, messy to use and not worth the price even as a free trial.  The hair did not look or feel right."
"I have been using Wen for the past four months; I have also tried Fig, Lavender, and Gardenia Green Tea.  Pomegranate Wen does not smell good to me at all. It also does not feel as moisturizing.  I would not buy this Wen version again.  I have gotten good results with the others, however, so I will keep using Wen products."
i wouldnt recommend this to anybody because it does not work at all and it hurts so so bad.i didnt like it at all
i wasn't impressed. it's hard to wash out of my hair and the smell wasn't bad it just wasn't great either. it's better for people with thick hair i imagine.
"Never actually used but returned this product and bought something in a local health food store. I know many woman like this shade, but seeing it online I didn't notice that is was that shade. I should have known based on the name Mahogany, so this was my mistake and doesn't reflect the product itself."
Heavy for Blondes.... It is the worst product I've ever used...Made hair look greasy like it hasn't been washed in days.
"I bought the hair line of the Leave In, Hudration Elation Intensive Conditioner and the Twist Defining Cream and it just didn't work for me.  I was so impressed with the young lady on You Tube which prompt me to purchase the three products.  Still in search for the product(s) that will work for my natural hair texture.  Been natural for almost a year."
"I have been using the Tria faithfully for nine weeks at level 3. I'm sixty years old and have good skin for my age; just a few fine lines and a little bit of laxity around the mouth area. I eat well and am slim. I have been eagerly awaiting results and have read a number of reviews by women who've used the Tria for 3 weeks and claim noticable improvements. I've seen only very slight improvements and I think that the women who claim amazing results after just 3 weeks are imagining things. My fine lines have diminished only very very slightly and my face might be about 2 percent tighter.  I will continue to use it and will change my rating if I begin to see more improvement.And by the way, my charger konked out immediately, so I have to plug the device into my computer for recharging. Not a big deal but it doesn't give me a lot of confidence in the company that makes this product. I know Tria is willing to send another but the first one should have worked -- they should test their products better."
This clay mask doesn't do anything for my skin. and also it has a funny smell. I don't recommend it.
I'm asian and my hair is medium in thickness.  My hair uncurls once I get to the other side of my head.  I've used other ones that were better and lasted me more than one day without any sprays.  This one might work for you if you have fine hair.
"I was a bit disappointed about this kit, everything is so tiny and not good quality. Invest in something better!"
"Within 30 minutes of applying this product, I had a rash on my chest, arms and calves and was a little itchy.  Maybe I was just more sensative then the other reviewers.  As other reviews have stated, you get a weird tint to your skin after applying what is supposed to be a dries clearly product.  It also left me feeling oily.  I ended up washing it off and trying to give it away.  Nobody wanted it.  Not that I can blame them."
"L'Oreal Ever-Sleek Frizz Taming Cr&egrave;me Serum.  The manufacturer of this product, L'Oreal claims that, as it is formulated without heavy silicones, it will weightlessly smooth hair for 48-hr frizz control.  The product contains Agon, sunflower, and olive oils instead, which, L'Oreal claims, will control frizz while helping to protect hair from humidity, leaving the hair sleek and shiny, without its feeling weighed down or coated.  The manufacturer recommends dispensing 1-2 pumps of the serum after a shampoo/conditioning, working the product evenly into the hair, focusing on the ends, then styling as usual.  They also say the product can be used on dry hair to tame it.The product, if it works at all, certainly doesn't hold for 48 hours, as it claims, at least not in the long hot humid summers of North Carolina.  Any improvement lasts for less than a day.  It's also not much product for the price. Furthermore, it is a standalone product, without any other useful properties, such as being a mousse or gel, so to use it is just to add one more step to beauty routines. Frankly, I can't recommend this product at all."
"Didn't experience any difference in lip texture, plumping, moisture, nothing.  Tingly?  Yes.  Anything beyond that?  No.  Could not use under lipstick in the morning or it would smear off.  Applied it, left it on as long as possible but eventually had to remove what was left before applying lipstick.  Applied at night before bedtime. No noticeable difference for me.  Disappointed."
"I was so excited to try this foundation.  I have dry sensitive skin and was hoping for a cheap foundation.  Unfortunately, after just 2 days of use, my face broke out big time.  I have been trying several foundations and have had some slight reactions but none like this.  I wish it would have worked for me."
"I'm in my low 20's and I really liked this product when using it because it gave me a nice texture and helped me style my hair the way I wanted to for much cheaper than the other brands I usually buy like American Crew Fiber, Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Hair cream, and KMS. I was thinking it was a win-win for me to buy the axe product, but after about 4-5 days of use I noticed every time I would take a shower I had A LOT more hair coming out than the usual few strands, but I continued using the product for the rest of the month not thinking the hair loss had anything to do with the Axe. What a freaking mistake! It thinned my hair like crazy and after looking online and seeing people with similar problems with Axe products, I immediately switched back to American Crew Fiber. I like the way the Axe makes my hair look better than the Fiber, as well as the price, but I now understand why the Axe is so cheap: The chemicals used it in are junk. Spend the extra money and buy something better. Your hair will thank you. Once I switched my hair stopped falling out as much. It is still kind of thin on the top, but has been getting thicker again."
I dont like this stuff at all. I dont feel fresh.  I have tried other brand that actually works.  I will be going back to that one. Very disappointed :-(
"My hair is naturally straight and fine.  Flyaways are a real problem for me, so I thought I'd give this kit a try.  To begin with, I don't care for the scent.  If you are familiar with Vaseline's line of body lotions, this kit smells exactly like Vaseline's Total Moisture Conditioning body lotion.  The scent isn't bad for a lotion but I did not like it in my hair.  Putting aside the smell, my main problem with this product is that it did not smooth away frizz and flyaways but it did leave my hair fealling rather heavy and limp, almost like it wasn't clean.  Perhaps it works for more normal hair types but I wouldn't recommend it."
"Check out the 2013 reports and you will find out that this did not offer protection in compare to the Target brand regardless of all their claims and all their good ingredients... I use many brands and I will not use Target's formula but there are many other brands out there with good ingredients and great protection. Target, Hawaiian Tropic, Copper tone, etc. may offer protection but offer many unwanted chemicals as well. Bottom line, what ingredients are you looking for and how well it protects you for what you pay per ounce. The Active Ingredient in this baby is a whopping 11% titanium dioxide and wow that is probably the only sunscreen that has that formula... One tube of this is all I was good for.Sunscreens are worse than processed foods (which I never consume) since there is no nutritional guide for sunscreens. Producers write whatever they want and it really consumes time to read up and compare facts. Unless you happen to be a marathon swimmer who is going to be soaked for hour and hours in the oceans' salty water without any shade, which Vaseline will act as the best sealer there is, then for a surfer like me, usually higher organic ingredients are the best. What I put on my skin is the same as consuming it through my skin since it is absorbed by my skin. I don't intend to have the sunscreen for snack but it is good to know that there are fewer chemicals in the sunscreen. Usually those SPFs will not be over 30 for any safe sunscreen ingredients and it will be for BABYs. I just happen to be a baby who tries to read ingredients. I wear a rash guard when surfing which covers my upper body so I am protected all the time. What worries me is my face. For a small investment, sunscreens may offer me the possibility of avoiding sun burn, pain, cancer, medical bills, pain killers, etc. that come with exposure to the sun. I try different brands all the time and look for the following pointers;1. I avoid water proof or water resistant. How stupid, I am going in the ocean, in salt water under the sun. Even if I put a deck coating or a roof on my skin, it will not last. Anyone looking for those wordings should avoid water,2. Natural sunscreens with FEWER chemicals. Manufacturers like to spin the facts and challenge our knowledge and intelligence by claiming it as WITHOUT any harsh chemical or chemical FREE or without chemical ABSORBERS. So stupid since a chemical is a chemical regardless,3. FRAGRANCE FREE; It must spell out on the face of the container. Majority have fragrance but baby sunscreens usually do not. After all, I am going in the ocean not on a date. Why do I need fragrance regardless, and this is from an athlete where I consume fresh garlic napping in vinegar every single day,4. EXPIRATION DATE; I never leave the sunscreen container in the sun, purchase new sunscreen all the time so I never worry about few months old, I always apply 30 minutes before the first exposure to the sun5. BROAD SPECTRUM; It must spell out on the face of the container,6. PABA free; It must spell out on the face of the container,7. I avoid OXYBENZONE which apparently disrupts human hormonal system,8. I avoid vitamin A (retinyl palmitate) which seems to boost skin cancer risk,9. I Look for ACTIVE INGREDIENTS of more zinc less titanium the best-rated mineral sun blocks. Majority have many different ingredients than zinc and titanium as ACTIVE INGREDIENTS,10. Unscented, Baby Formula, and must have the blessing of the Environmental Working Group's annual Sunscreen Guide.Sunscreen needs to protect and needs to protect for a reasonable price. Vanicream 60+ offers Titanium Dioxide (7.5%), Zinc Oxide 7.5%... Baby Blue Lizard offers Titanium Dioxide 5% and Zinc Oxide 10%. I need more zinc baby not Titanium dioxide and Blue Lizard offers more zinc, less titanium for half the cost... Vanicream 30 and 35 have less zinc so those are worthless, unless if you want to go by what Consumer Report recommends which rates protection without any consideration for ingredients in the sunscreen then in that case, I can get roofing tar for less money, so we might as well consider that... Zinc is the solution, more zinc for less money with organic ingredients that are not carcinogen or harmful to me... That is why Badger is better than most... Blue Lizard 30 is not as good of ingredients as Badger but still better than Vanicream 60+. Badger SPF 30 All Natural Baby Sunscreen Lotion 4oz This Badger is one of the best that I have ever used since it is 100% certified Natural, 87% certified organic and a whopping 12% zinc oxide that is easy to apply, rubs in quick, not greasy, offers me protection and is priced reasonably per ounce. The only draw back is that I see the whiteness on my skin. Regardless this is one of the best for my skin and surfing, one of the champs alright. Bravo Badger."
I thought this would be better than using cotton balls. I was wrong. There is no absorbtion at all. Back to cotton balls.
"I would not recommend this product.  It is watery, you have to shake it prior to pumping out an amount and more importantly, it smells very odd.  It's being applied to your face and neck and it smells.  As it dries, the odor fades.  There are much better products--in my opinion--on the market for hydration with DMAE and polypeptides."
"This product probably works better on lighter-colored hair. I have dark hair, and after I spray it, it is bright white. I can brush it out, but if I miss a spot, then it would be very embarrassing to leave the house like that! My blonde coworker finds it much easier to use because any leftover product is not terribly noticeable on her lighter hair.Other reviewers said that the smell was bad and/or overpowering, but I did not find that to be the case. I found the scent to be mild.I had hoped to use this dry shampoo to delay the time in between shampooing my hair since it gets very greasy on top. However, this product did not absorb enough oil to make my hair look noticeably cleaner. Perhaps the straight powder form of this product works better than a spray can, which brings me to my next point - this product is an aerosol (I couldn't tell that from the product's description on Amazon).Over all, I cannot recommend this product since it could not extend the amount of time in between shampoos for me."
Thought I would love this color.  I do if it is in a blouse or leggings but not in eye shadow.  When I applied I tried to tone it down by taking some off and it would not be removed.  It stuck to my skin like glue.  Was too late to return it do I just threw it  away.  I know should have given it away. Did not know any clowns from the circus.
"I purchased this at Fruitful Yield. I read all the great reviews online. I decided to try it on a cyst under the skin. Right after rubbing my finger on it to soften it up and get some on my finger I started sneezing. I put it on my skin anyway thinking it was just a few sneezes. My eyes welled up, throat felt dry and the sneezing continued. I really wanted to try this stuff so I thought I'd muster through the reaction but it was getting worse. Within 10 minutes I washed it off with soap and water. The allergic reaction stopped. I looked up the ingredients and I am not sure what I am allergic to. I have been exposed to most of the ingredients before except maybe ichthammol, so I'm just not sure. Who knows since companies put so much crap in everything - I guess I haven't put a marigold up to my nose since I was a kid, so I suppose I could be allergic to those too (one of the ingredients of this stuff). Anyway, I can't use it, that is why I gave it two stars. I will keep it around to use on the kids or pets and if I find it helps with anything, I will update my review! I sure would like to know what in it I am most likely allergic to if anyone has any ideas."
This was not what I thought it was. The rollers are way too big if you have medium to short hair and they stick to your hair too much so they are hard to take out. It took a long time for the hair to dry with a result of not much curl and not much body or volume. For the time spent I might has well used a curling iron or hot rollers. I gave it another chance and used it on dry hair with a volumizing product with not much better results. It does not come with a storage bag so traveling with it is out. I would not recommend this item  . . . try something else. I will.
"And thankfully I was on the tail end of the color cycle and almost time to schedule an appointment or I'd be seriously ticked. I've only used it twice and I'm practically back to my natural color and the gray is out in full force! The shampoo arrived in a padded envelope, but also wrapped in plastic. Mine hadn't spilled over as others have mentioned, but there was a strong odor just opening up the envelope. The shampoo is very thick and gooey and doesn't take much to get a good lather going. It seemed to clean well enough, but my hair felt dry and wanted conditioning - which it normally doesn't need as I don't blow dry much. I'm going to stick with the color safe shampoo I've been getting from the salon, and free or not, this product is headed for the dumpster."
"Eventhough I'm still in love with Face Expert brush from Real Techniques, this set I hate because of the bristles size. You can cannot use them to apply and blend your eyeshadow properly. I really don't know what I'm supposed to do with this set."
I am really sorry that Bare Escentuals changed their eyeliner formula. The old midnight liner was like a nice powdery consistency that was easy to use and looked beautiful - my favorite! This version is soft and difficult to apply except in a garish line. Way to obvious and bright.
"I used Pantene Time Renewal and then their Beautiful Length line of products over anything I could get through the professional line of products. I personally experienced much better hair from using Pantene products and recommended them to others. However, NO MORE! They keep changing their hair products and now all of their shampoos contain Sulphates. The rest of the world is steering clear of Sulfates except for Pantene. They actually have changed for the worse. Who are they marketing for anyway? The products are very drying and are not good. Just look at the horrible reviews from other loyal frustrated Pantene users. Who in the world is making the decision to re-vamp Pantene products? I am done being a loyal consumer. I am looking for another brand."
"I bought this nose clip and the delivery was fast, but I only used once cos they are very hard and it hurts my nose too and I could not breath properly  with it on"
I put this on before I went for my daily walk at lunch and I got burned slightly.  Maybe I am more fair than other reviewers (I am VERY blonde) but it definitely didn't work for me.
"I've used Seche-vite, Jordana and Out the door top coats and this one is the worst of all.Slow drying and no shine at all. No point of using this for top coat!Will never buy this one."
"I bought my Z Palette directly from the manufacturer after collecting so many random eyeshadow samples and individual pots that I wanted to depot that I figured I needed a good place to combine them all.The Z Palette has received such good reviews, both from gurus and reviewers, so I have to imagine that my experience is probably just a one-off, but I thought I would share it anyway.Within a month, the plastic/cardboard sides that hold the makeup in place separated from the base. Within two months the magnet base bowed so now everything inside is on a slight slope. Within another month, the plastic cover began to separate from the tape that holds it in place. This thing is literally falling apart on me and the real kicker? I rarely ever use it. I have never travelled with it, it mostly sits on my makeup desk and gets used maybe once a week.Maybe I just got a lemon, but for half the price I can get one of the new palettes from MAC and they are infinitely better quality (actual plastic rather than plastic-coated cardboard!). Highly unrecommended."
"While there are definately some results with this tape, I can't see wearing it all day long as it is very uncomfortable. I wore the neck band around the house for an hour or so and the taped popped off. God forbid I had worn it out and someone saw it! I think this is great for a quick photo for friends who haven't seen you in a while.  Also, it is hard to hide the tape around the ears, but again, for a quick, deceitful photo, it's great."
"I have sensitive skin and these towelettes were too strong for my skin. The cloth is probably soft enough for most people but for me it felt a little abrasive. I think it was the ingredients of the cleanser component that was most irritating for my skin. After I used it, my skin always felt a little raw and pink. Not for me."
"I got this straightener for my wife. Here's what she had to say about it:Overall, this straightener is just OK. I mean, it does the job...my hair is straight now, but not without some struggle. I have very fine, basically straight hair, but I have a short haircut that tends to get frizzy if I don't use the straightener.Pros: It's small (only 1 inch), so you can get pretty close to the root. Also, it has an auto off feature, which is huge for me as I've definitely left the house with my straighteners plugged in. The last pro is that it has a locking feature so it's easier to store.Cons: The temperature control is on the front of the straightener. I kept hitting it with my thumb and changing the temperature while using it. I also felt like it left my hair unbelievably hot to the touch, to the point where I burned my hand when touching my hair (and this was on the lowest setting). Now I know this is a hot iron, but all the straighteners I've used in the past never actually burned me. You also have to clamp the straightener down really hard as just closing it around your hair doesn't quite do the trick. And with using this extra pressure caused my hair to get extremely static-y, where I had to use static guard just to tame it. I read other reviews where people noted a smell coming off the straightener, but I didn't notice any smell.Overall, I'm happier with my old hunk-a-junk straightener that I've had for 5 years. It's bigger, doesn't burn my hair and gets the job done much quicker with less stress."
"Not sure but I got rashes, breakout and hives - maybe it does not too well on ethnic or sensitive skin"
"I am not knocking it as a product. The smell was nice and the exfoliation was gently, but it did nothing for my combination skin."
"I was using it about a month, and it's actually pretty good quality and nail polish stays on about 5 days or a week.BUT!!!It turned my nails yellow.As soos as i stopped using OPI nail products my nails became normal color from the top. But i still needed to wait until they grow back to have my normal pretty pinkish nails."
"i don't like ittoo brighttoo glitteryturns you of,. not a nice shadeyet definetly great quality :S"
"I was SO EXCITED when I finally received this in the mail!  But after many attempts at using it, I was sorely disappointed.  I just can't get the hang of it, I guess, because the You Tube tutorial made it look so easy!  I'm going to keep trying, though...wish me luck!"
"I've used lots of argan oils, I'm pretty open-minded about the cheaper ones because... they're cheaper. Those usually run a little thinner, maybe less nutrient dense. But I just got this bottle of Watts, and it's suspicious to me. Greasy, pale (almost clear), and it smells like lube!! It should smell nutty, and absorb much faster.Is this a mixture?? Is it just this bottle?? I'll be emailing Watts, will update post if new info comes to light.Just read some other reviews about similar experience. Sounds like this product was better in the past.--Update - I just did a test on my leg with 2 other argan oils. I put 1 drop of each on on my leg and rubbed into separate circles (with different fingers). The Watts DID NOT ABSORB. It was a greasy circle on my leg. The other two (Shea Terra Organics and Elma & Sanna) absorbed within 30 seconds. Ended up wiping off Watts with a tissue.Real argan oil is supposed to absorb quickly, and the whole point is that it's not greasy. Red flag.--Update #2The seller sent me a replacement bottle this week. The new bottle is BETTER than what I got the first time, so everyone keep a pulse on what you get! This one has less smell, less greasy.I changed my rating from 1 to 2 stars. It's still not that impressive to me... doesn't feel ""arganny"" and I can't put my finger on it. Maybe the lack of a nutty smell? Slower rate of absorption? Mostly, it seems par for the price. Not horrible, but no praises to sing compared to others.Very responsive customer service. They refunded me and also sent a new bottle. There you have it."
"I use a generous amount of lash glue, but the fact that they are straight and not curved like top lashes, it's hard to apply them on. I'm new to this, but I've tried to carefully apply them on but they won't stick."
Not a lot of variation.  Many dark shades. Cute packaging but I don't use it after a few tries. Too nude
I waited along time to try this.  It did nothing for my looks.  It has an spf of 30.  That's about it. I wont rebuy.
This is suppose to be the top notch primer on the make up market NOPE!  Every time I put this on my eyeshadow creases like crazy also my shadow disappear I have to reapply not good at all I do not like this primer searching for a new one.
This was a little too strong for my sensitive skin.  I can't say if it did anything or not because I had to stop using it when my skin began to peel.
"I have very thin, brittle nails.  I don't like using acrylics because they are expensive and ultimately leave your nails in horrible shape once they are removed.  I was interested in the Shellacking process they do in the nail salons, but that is expensive as, well although they say it doesn't damage your nails like gels and acrylics.  I tried this product a week ago.  I applied it to clean, dry, manicured nails.  No oils or creams applied.  The first coat, in my opinion, seems to be just crazy glue.  Then you apply the color. Then repeat both steps. In between cleaning the brush in acetone, which they call ""cleaner"". It went on okay and dried very quickly.  It did create a hard shell.  However, within 2 days the entire finish was crackling and started to chip off and lift up.  All over the entire nail surface. I had heard at one time that you could actually paint your nails with nail glue to strengthen them and this was the exact same result I got with this product. To remove it you must either use their remover, or pure acetone.  Soaking your nails in pure acetone is not ""good"" for your nails and I can't imagine using this product on a regular basis and improving your own nails.  Their remover says it has aloe and other things in it that are ""good"" for your nails, however, when you come right down to it, it's still acetone. I removed it with their remover and it still left a very thin layer on the nails in certain spots that later peeled off. I did not want to keep rubbing and soaking the nails because you could see them drying out.  It was very expensive in CVS and found it after wards for less than half the price in Wal-Mart. Even at $10.00 it is not worth it as far as I am concerned.  I will be throwing it away. I do not recommend it to anyone."
This smells ok but it's an exact copy of cody's sand and sable. So you can save a lot of money just buying that. I was hoping for a more original clean fresh scent. This smells very sweet and smells good BUT its not original to me.
"I did not like this product.  I tried it and it did not do anything for my hair, so it just sits in my cabinet.  I bought it based on the reviews, but it is as one person said, you have to try it for yourself.  What works for one person or even most people may not work for you.  I bought another product and I love it.."
"When using the smallest amount possible, this blush was still very &#34;clown-like&#34; and hard to blend in. I looked very unnatural."
"I hate face washes that leave you skin fealing just as oily as it felt before you washed it, which is what this scrub does. I buy scrubs to clean my skin! This scrub is aweful. Maybe it does the ""anti-wrinkle"" job, but frankly I can't stand to use it more than the 3 times I tried, so I will never know. If you like a CLEAN feeling after you wash your face, go with the Clinique Exfoliating Scrub. It works VERY well, and leaves your skin feelign fresh, bare, and clean. I should have known better, if it's not broken DON'T FIX IT! ;)"
the combs get tangled in the chain and they turn every which way and is very hard to get untangled . I was so frustrated with mine that I threw it in the garbage.
I really don't think this is much better than using water.  I don't think it was worth buying.  I good rinse with water is just as good.
I got this free in a promotion and that's about what it is worth. It is much more convenient to use the cleansing pads by hand rather than with the skinvitalizer. I am really not sure what they purpose they think they are serving with this product. The pads are also more soapy than I would like but that is minor enough since I can just squeeze out the excess.
"The Case will not Close once it has been opened. the colors are bright but the Product doesn't Stay on long even with the eye Shadow Primer. this is only the Second bad product review that I have Written. The sizes are Tiny I have gotten Bigger free Sample Sizes from Mary Kay or AVON or Urban Decay, NYX. this is seriously Very Sad. the Pictures Look bigger then what you really are getting. Sorry But not very Happy. the Quality is Horriable for Make up. this is what you get for your Daughter when she is learning to put on her own make up. very un-impressed by EMORI! Wet and Wild is better then this and that is saying allot!!!"
Works great for volume and the 'shampoo' aspect. Doesn't leave a white residue like the cheap brands do. BUT I can't handle the texture it gives my hair. Even one little spray and it feels like I washed my hair in chalk. Not worth the money to me. I love the big sexy line of products so this was pretty disappointing.
"If you don't like white florals in your perfumes you can give KIM KARDASHIAN a miss; It is basically a floral jumble and the only individual notes that stand out are the gardenia and tuberose, and that is it. The florals are so powerful that they instantly slap me in the face and hide almost everything else.The fragrance is one dimensional and boring, with very little difference between the top, heart and base; There was a short lived burst of lemon in the opening, then the jumble becomes heavier and sweeter and then the musk used in the base develops and joins in the mess [I'm not a fan of musk so I could do without it].I assume they were going for old Hollywood glamour with the big white floral notes, but they went way too far with them - I personally can't see anything glamorous, sexy or feminine about this fragrance, it seems screamingly, in-your-face loud, so - dare I say it? - it comes off as rather cheap and tacky.Scent notes: Mandarin, lemon, honeysuckle, orange blossom, jasmine, tuberose, gardenia, spices, Tonka, jacaranda wood, vanilla orchid, musk and creamy sandalwood.***This is the first perfume I've tried in a while that I've wanted to wash off. Unfortunately the staying power is good as the floral jumble is headache-inducing strong. My bottle was a gift, so I felt duty bound to wear it, and I ended up with a migraine almost every time I dared put it on.I'm not trying to be bitchy, but I ended up giving my bottle away, as it literally makes me ill to smell it now - even on other people.[No; I don't have anything against Kim Kardashian herself. If you just don't like this fragrance why are you instantly labelled as a bitchy, jealous 'hater' or perfume snob?]"
"I thought the stripping would be a bit wilder. for delicate work it is fine, but for stripping its too thin.Wasted more time trying to get tape to lay flat and not curl up at the ends.More clear coating on top, the more curling or puckering.Also when packaged arrived,  I WAS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE WITH WHAT IT SAID. The package came fromSingapore and it listed the item inside as a telephone cover.  When I first read this, I said to myself, I didn't ordera phone cover.Made me wonder if the supplier was on the up & up."
Applied this product faithfully and saw no difference whatsoever. Waste of money. Only gave it 2 stars because it was mild and non-irritating.
"Spectrum Extra Virgin Organic and Garden of Life Organic coconut oils are far superior to this. Amazon indicates it comes in a jar, but it does not. It's plastic. I would recommend this oil for body therapy only."
These wipes did nothing for my face and I found them very lacking. I had to use 2 or 3 at a time to create enough foam and soap to wash my face. The towelettes are very skimpy and really don't get the job done. I would stick with another cleanser or a soap instead.Katiebabs
"I wasn't impressed with this one.  I don't see how they can call it &#34;exfoliating.&#34;  I'm like to use a back brush, and this just felt like a piece of fluff going over my back.  The handle also was arched into a position that didn't quite seem normal to me.  It is made out of the same thing as the &#34;puffs&#34; people use for washing with liquid soap, so if you are into liquid soap, this might be for you."
Scratches and dries out my skin. Scar on my arm looked worse not better after use. Why do I fall for these things?
it looks good when you put on and does brighten eye area. I put on my water line and can see a difference my eyes look bigger and the color is nice cause is beige and not a stark white. The reason I am scoring this with one star is because it smears and runs into the corners of my eyes and after a few hours looks flaky on my lash line. It is a creamy base and does not hold well for me and just down right looks terrible after a few hours.
it made my hair shed like crazy and i dont like that. used it about three times. threw away the rest
"so i purchased this because i don't think it's sold in stores anymore, and the &#34;very black&#34;color wasn't available. since it says brownish black i thought it'd be more black but instead it's a gross greenish brown color, the tip is also very flimsy and doesn't glide where i want it to. not happy with this product at all"
"These little flowers are made of metal and they get stuck in your hair the second you try and put it on, they get all twisted up and it pulls out your hair. I haven't been able to wear it once"
"My hair was already platinum and I was simply trying to get the last of the extremely faint neon-ish banana yellow out, as my toners were not doing the trick and I did not want to bleach again.  I thought for sure this would do it, as it was really only ONE LEVEL to lift and this dye promises seven.  My hair STILL came out with yellow in it.  It's a VERY THICK substance and even with my extremely short and thin hair, I think it may have worked better if I had purchased 3-4...however at that point I may as well go to a salon or just bleach it again, it'd be cheaper and end in better results.  Basically, unless you are already an extreme platinum, this dye will not make your hair the colour on the box.  Furthermore, my dark blonde roots turned out neon orange."
it's okay i bought this off of a youtube review lets just say not everyone has the same skin type
"I've been giving myself gel manicures for over 2 years, and the weirdest thing happened with my OPI base coat. It hardened in the bottle! I know it was tightly closed and properly stored. But after about 5 months of having it and using it about one a month, it became hard and I wasn't able to finish the bottle.When it was usable, I found it no better than the gelish vase coat that I had been using. In fact, my manicures with the OPI base gel only lasted about 7 days, and with gelish I can get 2 weeks. I really think it has something to do with your mail chemistry. But all in all, I've had much better luck with other brands and won't be buying this one again."
"I had been hearing about this product for months, friends raved about how I ""needed"" to own this top coat. As someone who takes the time to sit down and do beautiful nails (stamps, art, jewels, tape) I really need an amazing top coat that seals everything in and keeps chips off. This is not that polish. Yes, it dries fast, but it is so thick and goopy that if you bang a nail at the wrong angle the whole nail of polish literally rips off. I am not a fan of this polish and I will keep looking for the perfect top coat."
"I thought this was suppose to last after washing the makeup off it two times it started to fall apart. It's in the garbage. Made of cheaper material, I brought more from a different maker"
"DOES LAST A LONGTIME SO I USE IT UNDER OTHER LIPSTICKS AS A PRIMER AND IT WORK WELL THAT WAY THE COLOR IS RED ON ME SO I PUT IT UNDER  A RED MATTE LIP ,VEERY GOOD AS A MOISTURIZER"
"I love the sea buckthorn soap (bar) and decided to try this moisturizer.I'm 52 and my skin has always been acne prone.I didn't mind the scent but I didn't like the way this lotion made my face feel. It felt as if it didn't soak in and left a layer on top of my skin that felt tight when it dried. My skin didn't feel soft and moisturized, it felt &#34;mucked up&#34;.I'm disappointed, I wanted to like it. Liked the price, for sure, but won't buy it again."
One nail polish was dry shipping took awhile and they gave me the wrong delievery day some of the nail polishes are not like the colors shown in the image and some dont change color that was a dissapointment will not order again from seller and I do not recommended to buy to overpriced your better off buying regular nail polish this is not worth the money
"First, a little about my hair type:I moved from a very dry, hot climate, where my hair looked great so long as I used a moisturizing shampoo, any moisturizing shampoo, to a high humidity cool climate where my hair is unruly with fly-a-ways, static and and just a slight wave in the underneath.I have VERY long hair that gets oily near the scalp very quickly (I've always had to wash my hair every day) and a few inches at the bottom that are split, gradually getting less and less split as it goes up. It's of medium texture and straight as a stick, or was until I moved and the underneath got a bit wavy.I started using a few products in this line, the ProMend shampoo, the ProMend Overnight Treatment, and the ProMend Heat Protecting Styling Spray.I don't love any of them, but this is a review on the shampoo.I thought I liked the shampoo at first, my hair was a nice texture and the smell was nice, not overly girly like some.Well I didn't even finish the bottle (which with my long hair doesn't take long, about a month to a month and a half depending on the shampoo). After a few weeks I noticed my scalp was getting more and more irritated and then I started having dandruff. I've never had dandruff issues in my life. Once the dandruff started I put up with it for about a week before I switched shampoos.Pros:Nice smellThick textureI use far less shampoo than with some brands, it lathers like crazyCons:Itchy scalpCaused uncharacteristic dandruffI saw no improvement in my breakage or split ends (though to be fair I only used about one bottle's worth).I will never use this again."
I did not like this. The instructions weren't in English and had very vague picture directions. This is not meant for long hair. My hair when I straighten it is right below my shoulder blades and the bun clip won't even hold a little bit of my hair. Its small so I knew not to even try it on my naturally curly hair. If you have really thin hair this may work for you. Good luck.
"I had high hope for the brush but as soon as I tried it, it caught my hair and pulled it out!!! OUCH!!! I have medium length hair and it would get caught in the handle. I returned the item."
These lashes were hard to manage during the installation process. I only liked the first two styles (which were problematic) and didn't see a realistic occassion to where the other styles.
"I used to love this product - it was my go-to-spf. now the consistency is thick and white. It used to be like low-fat milk and now its like half and half. Much thicker and whiter. It will be white on your face, if you try to blend it into your skin or reapply it will produce white flakes. I don't know why they changed formulas but I am very sad. They did the same thing to the body version of this spf. I am disappointment and will never be using this again."
"These had a lot of pluses. This was my first experience with false eyelashes, and application was far easier than I anticipated. The glue didn't have much odor and seemed to dry quickly. I liked that the glue changed color--it made it easier to apply. Removal was also relatively simple and painless. I have sensitive skin, and had no problems during the brief time I wore them. So no complaints there.Unfortunately, I looked completely ridiculous wearing them. It's not so much that I looked like I was wearing false eyelashes, although you could definitely tell up close. It looked like I had applied black liner halfway across my eyes and gave up right in the middle. This style is called ""barely there"" and that at least is right--my eyelashes are very pale red--pretty much invisible, and these did nothing to enhance them. The shape is definitely not natural, either. They are very long on the outside corner, then fade to almost nothing. To the extent you can see them, it looks stupid.So while the lashes themselves were disappointing, I'll at least have the glue handy if/when I try falsies again."
"I color my hair like crazy so it gets dry. I do leave-in hair masks overnight once a week but in between, I needed something to give my hair some more moisture and smoothness as well.I love Garnier. I use their other hair products and usually have good luck but this leave-in treatment is a bit of a bust. I don't think it made my hair worse and it was a *little* softer after two week's use but&#8230;meh.I like the pump design and it comes out frothy and foamy but quickly turns into a gooey liquid. I tried both damp and dry. DON'T PUT IT ON DRY HAIR! On damp hair, after a shower (I only condition every day, and shampoo once every two weeks--dry climate + hard water=hard on hair), I apply it pretty much right away. It dries stiffly, like gel or hairspray, and combing it out kind of softens it but it doesn't feel all that great&#8230;and a little sticky. Plus, if you don't dry it completely and put it up, it's like a bird's nest. And sticky. Not, run your fingers through it smooth.I have shoulder length hair, fine and medium thickness type of hair and I have to use SOOOO much of it! I just bought it and I'm almost out and at five bucks a pop, it's not at all cost effective."
"These brushes are the cheapest items I have ever ordered. After nearly a month of waiting for them to arrive, I received them damaged!  All brushes were injured from the handle, caps were off the brushes, brushes were spread everywhere and were unusable. I don't understand as they were in a plastic package but that's how they arrived. I guess for the price what do I expect but they had to have seen them damaged and just sent them anyway unless they actually put them on the packaging themselves but either way they had to have seen them damaged. It does not look like they were damaged in shipping as the bubble envelope was intact.Another thing is the whole thing from inside the bubble envelope to the packaging and the brushes themselves smell weird, like smoke or ????? But it is bad so much so that I got a little sick from it. I had to wash my hands immediately and threw the whole delivery in a plastic bag and put it in the garage.I wrote them to ask for a refund as I'm not waiting another 3-4 weeks for another set."
"The Sephora makeup artist used this on my face as a primer before applying other cosmetics. I liked the effect so much that I purchased a full sized product. I should have taken the MA's advice and sampled it first!I'd read reviews of this product on MakeupAlley and many users said it caused them to have breakouts. Since I have rosacea/acne, this should have been a red flag. But gosh, the product looked SO AMAZING on my face, it almost acts like a spackle for the bad areas and makes your face even for the foundation. The difference between your face WITH this primer and your face WITHOUT this primer is pretty obvious. To wake up to fresh pimples was devastating.If you tend to have sensitive skin, use the PHOTO FINISH LIGHT product instead of the original Photo Finish. After several days of trial and error to see if it wasn't the foundation instead of the primer, I found that the PHOTO FINISH LIGHT product did not cause me to break out. The original Photo Finish is a gel, the Photo Finish Light is a lotion. On shine-prone skin, the Photo Finish Light fared better than the original Photo Finish.The MA used a foundation brush to apply the Photo Finish to my face and that's how I'd advise it to be used also. When you use a foundation brush, it only takes a tiny bit of the primer to do your whole face. If you use your fingers or a sponge, not only do you get unven application but you use a lot more product. As expensive as this product is, the foundation brush will save you money in product."
I am not a fan. This was messy and it didn't dry my polish very well.I won't be ordering this product again.
Covers extremely well but very very oily :/
I have tried and tried and tried with this stamper! Different polishes different techniques and nothing has helped! I watched tons of youtube and still could not get it to work :( maybe it is just something im doing but I tried several way and could not get it to transfer if it did transfer on the nail it was smudged and to light.
I ordered it with excitement based on the good reviews.  I was very disappointed when I got it.  It feels heavy and oily -- cheap type of ingredients.
"This was the worst product I have ever used.  This mask is the kind that you have you add water to, which is fine.  I've used similar products so I didn't mind.  But it took forever to mix with the water.  When it finally started to blend it was chunky and very sticky.  It also smelled like candy.  I couldn't wash it off either. It took 3 times the amount of face wash to get it off.  I threw it away and will never buy again.  Also it took almost 2 months for the package to arrive."
"gives the lips a bit tint, i dont like the strong smell though, smells like the lipsticks from the 80's./ not a lipstick, but this is a gloss with tint so dont misunderstood that, stick is hard, and dont glide easy,like an old stock,maybe it is. :/"
"Used up almost the whole thing, did not see any lightening. Even though I must say this line has got great products like their glycolic line, at great prices, this somehow just does not work for me."
stinks stinks stinks...did I mention it stinks. this smells NOTHING like the shower gel we bought in the same scent at our local store. it smells like someone poured pine sol in the bottle but worse. gag
"I'm not very familiar with cuticle removers, but I was expecting it to remove the excess cuticle at the base of my nail. It did nothing of the sort. At best it softened it, so that I could use my cuticle cutter, but I could've just soaked it in water and achieved the same results."
"I wanted a hair spray that holds a style and I could comb through without feeling as though I'm damaging the hair. This product allows me to comb through, but it doesn't hold a style!  It needs more holding power.  I'm disappointed."
"Very sticky feeling and it stings my face.Didn't bother to finish the bottle, a waste of money for me."
"like many others who have reviewed this product on Amazon and other site, i have had the most horrible skin irritation and cystic acne breakout.  i have also tried to reach garnier with no luck.  Please dont put yourself through this. i have been suffering severe acne, irritation, cystic acne, and red blotchiness due to this product. my otherwise clear skin is severely compromised.Disappointed with Grenier that their customer service."
"I thought that this was going to be clear, when you put it on it appears to white."
"I have used this for months and noticed no results whatsoever. Is there anything in that jar? Really, nothing. My face does not even tingle and there is 20% Vitamin C. I hear it is really great for your skin. Will have to try something else. You will see lots of good reviews but manufacturer promises another bottle for free if you put a review up on the site and let them know."
"This is not what I expected when I was in search of a gentle basic cleanser that wouldnt strip my skin and hopefully leave it not tight and not dry!  This cleanser was a huge FAIL!!!! From the moment it came out of the bottle I could tell it would be drying to my face because it felt and smelt so soapy!!  Sure enough when I was done washing my face it was so dry and uncomfortable that it hurt to smile haha no joke.  I used it once and this went right in the trash.  I was so dissapointing because of the name ""GENTLE HYDRATING CLEANSER"" but man was that far from the truth! Don't waste your money on this... try phisoderm deep cleaning cream cleanser for sensitive skin or nivea for men sensitive face wash, or neutrogena extra gentle cleanser if your in need of a good face wash for dry/sensitive skin."
"I purchased this as a gift, knowing full well I'd get to use it as well. The effect that is promised does appear, however this nail polish alone is not durable and after applying a clear coat the effect is greatly lessened. I would try another brand next time."
"I have mid back length curly hair which tends to get frizzy. I've tried a few products in an attempt to tame it. When I ran out of my favorite hair wax I decided to try this instead because of its fantastic reviews. I am a bit confused...I am wondering if I am using the same product as the people in these other reviews! The product which I got, first of all, smells like some serious cleaning product. Like something that you would use to clean the bathroom floor! And of course, it does not even work in my hair at all. Its so odd...water works better then this goop. I think that this stuff even makes my hair frizzier some how. Oh well. I've learned my lesson, not to experiment with other hair products! I'll just stick to my favorite hair wax thank you...what a waste of money"
"I have no clue why I purchase this when I say it made my face look ORANGE oh wow either I brought the wrong color, but this one was not a good match for me."
"I knew better than to try something other than my Covergirl. I hate this stuff starting mainly with the cheap, flexible, trash they call a brush. I actually saved an old CG brush to use when I use it. I accidently bought two. I'm almost done with the first one but I don't care, I went ahead and bought some more CG anyway. I will say that it doesn't seem to chip off which is great. Other than that I am all around disappointed."
"Before i purchased this color, i went online & checked it out. From the pics that i saw, i LOVED it! It was sooo unique & pretty! When i recieved mine..NOT so much!! I was so disappointed & mad! From what i've read of other reviews, apparantly OPI changed the color from the original one. That was not smart because this one looks NOTHING like the original. The glitter in it is not nearly as bright & rainbow colored & the base color is a mucky, dirty looking brown! I gave mine away."
"The polish has a slight pink hue IN THE BOTTLE ONLY.  When you put it on, it definitely goes on CLEAR. I'm very dissapointed that I wasted money on this.  If I wanted clear polish I would just use what I already have, Top It Off. It's clear and it's something you already need if you use Gelish products. Don't waste your money on this polish.  You're better off spending the money on something else that will give you color.I wish Gelish would come up with a better/more true display of their nail polish colors."
"Still looking for a BB cream that likes me and my skin .... thought I would give this brand a try.Very thin, very , very light in color and not a great moisturizer .... color was off ...so I continue to search for yet another bb & cc cream."
I ordered this for my daughter. Based on the reviews I expected it to smell great or at least good. It didn't. When she and I both put some on it smelled so awful I  was ready to return it. We kept smelling it and over time it did smell better. The smell changes on your skin until you really cannot smell it at all. I would not buy this again. I wanted to return it and would have if the smell hadn't changed after being on our skin for a while. She loves powder and wanted to keep it. She's the type that doesn't want you to feel bad about a gift given to her.
"I bought this item over 6 months ago and I only use this shampoo and conditioner and I have not noticed a difference at all, my hair has not grown longer since using the shampoo and conditioner, the reason I repurchased it was because I actually like how my hair feels and looks after I use it. As I mentioned I have been using Fast since April and my hair has not grown any faster, if you are looking to grow your hair, this is NOT your answer! Try using vitamins like biotin, or some other form of hair vitamin supplements, or don't cut your hair!"
