This mascara really is all its cracked up to be and well worth the price. Leaves my lashes looking fuller and curled. Definitely is the best mascara I've ever used.
"Loved this lipstain, unfortunately I left it opened I've night and it dried out but if definitely get this again."
"I was skeptical of how this would work, after all, there is a wide rage of ratings and like most products it works for some people and not others. But after doing some research into light therapy and other products I picked this one to try.First off, I have cystic acne along my jaw/chin and stubborn deep pores and blackheads along my cheeks and nose. I use a clarisonic  face scrubber and neutrogena acne wash and toner, followed by olay active hydrating beauty fluid. (Except for the clarisonic it is a fairly cheap system.) I had found that this system cleared up regular acne and for the most part kept everything in check without over drying, and it worked for the most part. I still had bumps along my jaw and stuff across my cheeks and nose, but it wasn't breaking out all the time. However I am pale by nature so all of that stuff and old acne scars looked very bad on me.But being that I still had those problems I was always on the look out for something that would help more, especially as an aspiring actress. This is it. I'm done. I don't think I will ever buy another product for my acne, because this works. I've only had it less than two weeks (using only the light, not the products that came with) and here are my results:-Cystic bumps are not bumpy any more and are on their way to gone.-Pores across cheeks and nose are shrinking.-Stubborn acne that was in those pores is being pushed out and looking great.-Skin texture is softer, smoother, and less pitted from scarring.-Redness and sore spots are greatly reduced, and for once my skin is looking porcelain instead of just pale.-Scarring seems to be fading.Overall: I recommend this to anyone, whether you have a system that works or not. Just remember to clean the lens. And if you have a system that works, just buy the Beam and charger not the set."
I wish it were bigger and has more flower design in it  cause it great when you want to do a design with it on the nail salon or a home
"I have searched for years and spent too much money looking for a NO CHIP top coat that has high shine.  I've bought seche, opi, and others and none compare to the shine and hardness of this one ""Rock"".  Even if you use a cheapie nail polish color (you know how those chip fast), when you use this as a top coat, you will have glossy and utterly flawless nails! I've had this on for about a week, with a cheap 99 cent polish color and I am barely seeing a tiny chip at the edges of my dominant hand and the shine is still as glossy as before.  Nails look like little candies on my fingers!  What a keeper!!  Don't snooze, buy this one, it's worth it."
i have this brush set and they are simply just amazing. i can honestly say they are much better than sephora and mac sets because ive had those also. a while ago my friend bought me the mac brush set as a gift and i like it except that the powder brush was a bit rough on my skin since i have a sensetive skin. i've also had the sephora and they cost more than 100 to 150 dollars and their quality is not better than this shany set. these brushes are soooo soft and you get every brush u need in one little packet that you can carry around. the price is unblieveble and one more thing that i love is that they have flat bottoms so you can set them on the table upright without them rolling off or getting makeup on your satation.
"I have a hard time finding this product on stores for some reason, so when I found it in here I was thrilled.I use this 1 a week since I have oily skin and it does give you a nice fresh feeling. :-)"
I have used other CHI products and they all work great and this product is not an exception. I would recommend this to others.
"EDIT 1/11/2012A few months ago I bought the Urban Decay Naked palette. I tend to gravitate towards the Naked palette because I started noticing subtle differences in the textures of the two palettes. The Naked palette is a little more blendable, smooth, and the color payoff is very rich. The NYX palette also can be frustrating as a travel palette. There have been many times where the lip colors accidentally slid out and were ruined. It's a little clunky. However, the Naked palette isn't perfect either. I find it flimsy.***********I've played around with the Urban Decay Naked palette at Sephora and realized that it was too shimmery for me. I bought the NYX Nude on Nude as a cheaper alternative and I'm so glad I did. The eyeshadows are pigmented, blendable, and beautiful. I actually dented one of the shadows because I expected it to be chalky and plunged my brush right into it. What a mistake! You don't have to press really hard to get product. As for the lip colors, I probably won't be using them. They are creamy and nice, but not very pigmented. I might buy the UD Naked palette later on as a supplement to this palette."
"Aside from all the generally known uses of Vaseline 100% Pure Petroleum Jelly, I use it on a daily basis to make an impenetrable circle around the outside of water and food bowls for outside animals. Pesky ants that bypass sprays and barriers such as diatomaceous-earth are repelled by Vaseline 100% Pure Petroleum Jelly.Remember salt circles for witches, petroleum jelly circles for ants.Safest 100% Food-Grade Diatomaceous Earth :: Non-Toxic DE - 2 Gal"
"I guess I needed a change. Everyone does now and then. I usually use prell and a deep conditioner but my hair was feeling dry but with buildup. So I tried this, needing sonething for clean, soft skin and a different approach to my hair. I got this and the Head To Toe wash. Both smell great, leave my skin impossibly silky,  and I don't even need conditioner after. The fragrance lingers slightly but it's so light that I only pick up hints. My hair is clean-not prell clean-but also conditioned. This is actually a 3-in-one. Better than pert, if you want to avoid cones and heavy, creamy shampoo. I also want to try the lavendar scent, for the nice purple color and the light, floral scent. If you're used to really harsh shampoo, this might seem a little slick but if you're used to thosr heavy ones, it might feel clarifying. I will keep prell on hand but this gives my hair a break from both harsh cleansers AND conditioner. I might also try the leave-in detangler. :)"
This is the best cuticle timmer and pusher ever! If your reading this then you need to buy it! no second thoughts!
"Not as rich as I would have liked and washes off with water, but when you need quick moisture that soothes the skin, this is great. And doesn't make you break out from what I can tell."
"I was looking for a gentle, moisturizer with no sunscreen for nighttime use.  Many popular moisturizers have strong scents which I find unpleasant and irritating. This lotion is unscented and light. I have fairly sensitive skin but this doesn't seem to cause my skin problems. It contains ingredients found in many more expensive, department store products such as ceramides, niacinamide and hyaluronic acid.  If you need something rich and creamy, this is probably not the product for you - it's a lotion and it's very light.  But if you are looking for something unscented, lightweight and without sunscreen, this is nice. It's not the cheapest of the drugstore brands - the bottle only contains 3 ounces - but I like it well enough to keep buying it."
"I'm fair skinned and if the sun winks at me I burn. We were having guests this week and parading them around the french quarter and swamp tours with the sun beating down on our heads, and the humidity causing us to sweat- a double challenge for sun protection.The spray is nice, and I've seen it recommended on TV because it's easier to get coverage on places like the top of the feet and in creases. The smell is pleasant, slightly medicinal but not overwhelming at all. The bottle fit easily in my purse. I really liked the cap design, instead of fumbling with a cap that comes on and off and worrying about it coming off in my purse, the cap on the banana boat rotates and locks into place.Several people tried it, including my husband who tans, my son who burns, and me with my delicate sensitive skin, and none of us had issues with any allergy or discomfort.After much walking and sweating none of us showed signs of burning, the coverage was excellent. My only reason for not giving this a five star is one of the advantages of having spray is not having to rub, especially places like the quarter where we will Be touching stuff and eating and not always having somewhere to wash the lotion off our hands, though we did have hand sanitizer. The directions say to rub after spraying, and to spray in your hand and rub it on the face, so that sort of defeats the purpose a bit.When the spray first went on there was a slick feeling, but it didn't feel greasy and I saw no signs of staining on our clothes from over spray.For me this protection is a winner and I will be buying more to get through the summer."
I never run out of this stuff... goes in quick after I towel dry my hair and I throw it in a pony tail and think nothing of it. I hate anything in my hair like gels or mouse or hairspray but this is my cant live without it serum
"Very creamy texture. Rich lather. Slight scent. Rinses away well leaving a very clean feeling on your skin. These are the only comments I can make about this product. Why because after telling my household not to use this particular body wash so that I could tell if it would really help with toning and yadda, yadda, yadda, they decided they liked it so much they used it all up.I can also add that it doesn't last very long. Even though you do not need a lot, the 18 oz. bottle really doesn't hold much product. We used the whole bottle in a matter of days. There is no way the bottle would have lasted a week even if it were just me using it by my self. So I probably still would not have been able to write a decent review based on actual recommended time usage. Sorry folks.Good news is that I would recommend Dove Creme Body Wash with Visible Care Toning."
I started using Rogaine with a doctors recommendation. She said the Minoxidol  in the rogaine helps stop hair loss. Sfter checking the ingredients I bought this product and it is really helping. A couple of the ingredients are different put this have the important ones. My hair has stopped falling out ! I use this one time a day at night and I still have seen a tremendous change. My hair loss has stopped and it is growing much faster. I am happy!!!
"We keep our grandson several times a week and like to take him out and show him off to everyone.  I was a little concerned that this Suave Kid's Ocean Blast Gel would make his really silky fine hair stiff and have to be shampooed out, but that wasn't the case at all.  Just a little bit between the fingers is needed to give him some style.  It was not too stiff or too sticky.  He looked like a cure little Stylin boy.  Very nice fresh scent too.  It's nice to keep his hair fixed and in place."
I got this for my husband to use at th tanning salon before a vacation. It went on well and smelled good. He liked it because it did not tingle the way many accelerators do.
"I have treated my skin well; never smoked cigarettes, never been a sun worshipper, and have been blessed with good genes.  But at the age of 45, a dermatologist removed an early stage squamous-cell carcinoma lesion from my cheek.  The doctor said the area would blister for a few days and be completely gone in two weeks.That night I began the Olay Definity 14 day skin rehabilitation program.  This intensive 3-phase regimen includes 13 nightly treatments, which are followed by a moisturizing mask.The program claims to ""counteract past skin stresses to diminish discoloration PLUS wrinkles in just 14 days.""The detoxify and deep recovery vials contain small amounts of product (0.05 oz. each) but smell lovely.  After the first application, my skin did feel softer than before.After several days the only difference I could see was soft skin.  After 6 days, I woke up to find the scab from the lesion completely gone, replace by just a dull pink mark.  That made me happy, as I had worried about having a permanent scar.After the second part of the weekly treatments; the deep recovery phase, my face was soft, but also puffy.  Perhaps my skin had a more even tone, but I'm not certain of that.  The mask was fine, and it left my skin feeling softer still.Overall I believe the product is a good one, especially when your skin is in need of repair after a procedure like I had done.  However, the cost of the kit is high, considering how little product you receive.  You get less than  of an ounce of product for the first treatments (total).  The mask is good, but hardly makes up for the high price.  I think Olay should package the first two treatments in larger tubes with 3 masks, and market it as a 3-month treatment program. At least you'd feel like you were getting your monies worth.  And also, I don't feel that I look any younger, or that any of my (slight) wrinkles are gone, or lessened.  I probably would not splurge on this item, unless I have another damaging procedure that requires skin repair."
"This product is amazing. I read a lot of fashion magazines and all the celebrities raving about this product. This is really great product. It's mainly used as a highlighter, that's how YSL advertises it. This product is not gonna make you happy if you are looking for a concealer, but great if you are looking to highlight certain parts of your face."
"So I'm a dad, and I know little about girls hair, but when I have to wash my daughter's hair, which for some reason seems to become a birdsnest on a daily basis, I need something to help smooth all the tangles that doesn't result in her crying from pulled hair. So I'm very liberal with conditioner, pouring it in, and it gets the job done. I got this for use after her swim class and thought the moisturizing would be good after all the chlorine as well."
This is a nice pink it is a true bright pink with a lavender undertone this is really a nice pink it also looks great with either Vegas Nights or Ambience glitter for that extra pop!
I use this in a beauty salve I make and Vitamin C is always welcome in facial products. I love using this antioxidant in my preparations.
These dotting tolls have multiple sizes which is great for nail art and designs. I use this tool all the time.
This is a game changer. I color my hair and find it always fades so quickly because I usually have to shampoo every day or so because I have fine hair that tends to get greasy. After using this I only have to wash my hair once or twice a week. It looks much shinier and healthy. Plus it feels super soft. I love it and will keep buying it. The only thing I don't like is the pump top it dispenses a very small amount of the conditioner at a time so I have to pump it about ten times to get enough. Small worry but thought I would mention it.
"Bought these and love them, but unfortunately I don't need or use then as badly or as much as I thought I would. The small one I love for spot coverage application, and the biggest one is great for powder and/or blush, but the foundation one doesn't work like I would have hoped, and so I stopped using it. However, they are definitely very good quality and since I use 2 of the 3 brushes, I'm giving it 4 stars.BTW, bought the eye brush set as well...LOVE IT!"
"This face wash works really well - it cleans my combination skin without drying it out. There's also a nice warming sensation as I rub it in. And I can feel the minerals exfoliating without overdoing it/being too rough. I've heard that turmeric kills bacteria and neem is used for inflammation, so if you have acne, I bet this would work awesomely!Neem is also used as a pesticide, so I'm hoping this might help keep some of the mosquitoes away this summer. I doubt it, but I can hope!"
"I received the HD High-Definition Palette before the scheduled delivery date even though it was around christmas time, so I was very pleased with the seller. The was a lot smaller than pictured, about 4"" smaller than a number 2 pencil in length. Despite its small size, the consistancy of each shade is so rich that a very little goes a long way. I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend this product and seller to all my friends."
"I really like this product. Most John Frieda products perform well and this is no exception.  It's easy to use (in the shower as directed) and doesn't take long.  My hair is dyed blonde and so doesn't have the shine I want. This product put back the shine!  The box has 6 uses and I don't even use it every shampoo so it should last a while.  All in all a good gloss product. Much better than the shine drops I was using as they just made my hair look oily even if I used a little.  If you have colored, fine hair this product is for you!!"
"I'm a caramel complexion and this lipstick is gorgeous. It's smooth, doesn't dry out my lips, and stays in place pretty well. It does stain your lips red when it wears off, but I just swipe with a makeup remover wipe and it's fine."
"I've tried other Vit C Serums for its obvious anti-aging benefits.Every bit of the research I've done says you really out to be using a Vitamin C Serum daily, but it always made me peel a lot. My cheecks got red, irritated, pores looked larger.I think I finally found one that does do that! The Best Vitamin C serum seems to agree with my skin, and its pretty odorless, clear liquid that spreads easily."
"This is one of my favorite tanning extending lotions, if not THE favorite. It smells absolutely great, really does extend the life of your tan, and it spreads super easy. I've found a few extenders that are really thick and goupy so you end up using about half the bottle on the first use."
"For shoulder-length hair, a nickle-sized amount works great.  Start at the ends of your hair the way you would condition it.  Then with any leftover, finger-comb by roots.NO ADDITIONAL STYLING PRODUCT is necessary for blow drying.  This works great by itslef-  adds shine, controls frizz...an effective and sweet-smelling product."
THIS MASK MAKES YOUR PORES LOOK AND FEEL MUCH SMALLER.  IT GIVES YOUR FACE AN OVERALL MORE EVEN LOOKING APPEARANCE. GREAT PRODUCT:)
"Of course, the ""chilling"" effect comes from this being a gel, most gels will make you feel cooler. Love the natural cucumber-y scent, and the calming effect after shaving. But as far as this replacing your moisturizer, no way unless you have oily skin to begin with."
"The tree hut scrubs are my absolute favorites.  The smell amazing and leave my skin super soft.  What I love about these, is that they don't leave behind that waxy, greasy feeling that a lot of other sugar scrubs seem to.  I would highly recommend these to anyone who likes a strong sugar scrub."
"I love this edge product and I would say I use it every day but I actually don't have too. I use it about every 2 to 3 days and wrap my hair at night. By wrapping it a keep my edges flat and just use a bristle brush to lay them down in the morning. After a week or 2 the build up with need to be washed out, but I wash my hair then any way. LOVE LOVE LOVE!!"
"I started buying this for my daughter about a year ago and she uses it, along with the conditioner, every day and loves it.  She has flat hair and this helps but she has to flip her head forward and thoroughly blow dry to get more fullness.  I would give this a try.  Good luck!"
This is a nice smoothing lotion. It has a pleasant (not overpowering smell) and it does seem to remove frizz from hair. I have used it on my own hair and on my 18 month old who has curly hair (I put some into her dry hair to help reform the curls and it has worked great).
"I have been using this for about 6 years now. I tried others, but always come back to this. It works great."
"I've been using this for a few years now.  It does wonders for my natural wiry/curly hair. (I do use the conditioner as well, so I'm not sure which one helps my hair).  Non greasy, but soft, silky hair."
"This is a lovely color.  I am quite fair, so this doesn't look nude on me, it looks more like a soft rose.  I wear this a lot and it is perfect for my cool toned complexion.  I have gone on to buy about 10 more colors because they are so affordable and just as good quality as MAC liners, which are $18!"
"I remember as a teenager trying to figure out how to remove those unsightly little blackheads that populated my nose. I even debated placing a piece of tape on my nose to see if that would remove them. So you can imaging my shear delight when Bior&eacute; first came out with their deep cleansing pore strips. I like how effective they are at getting the minute black-heads off my nose. Not to be gross, but I still remember the first time I used them - the strip looked like it had a forest of little spiky black specks. All of my black-heads were gone.Though there are other brands out there now, I still gravitate back to the Bior&eacute; strips."
"All natural, smells awesome, and it exfoliates pretty good. It leaves your skin soft and smooth. My only complaint would be it's a pain to apply all over your body."
I really like this product.  I can see a difference in my hair when I don't use it.  Really helps to add body to my hair.
"I went to the gym today and the creep percentage went up higher lol. they kept staring at my butt, not alone was pointing at me and complimented it. EW! get aawayyy! (deep down im like YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS) Ive been looking at this product for 3 months! and i was so skeptical as crap about it because i was getting mixed reviews, so i said whatever let me FINALLY buy it. I got this product on tuesday and started using it, and top of that ive been doing a lot of glute and leg work outs but i havent really been in a months and i lost my firmness and what not., i needed fat, some giggle behind there, enough to twerk (LMAO) so anyways ive been using it for 2 days now this might sound like im bulling you, but there's a LONNNGGG review on here that someone wrote on how to use this product with some maxx curve, and i took her advise partially only because ive read about this remedy on a lot of forums (because i was obsessed trying to find out how to get a bigger butt0 , i dont want to take any pills its a true waste of money. but part of what she said is right, take a nice hot shower to open up ur pores or brush your butt (i dontknow about blow blowdrying lol thats a bit extreme, i burn my own head sometimes i dont want to burn my butt) and apply the product. I use this product in the mornings when I wake up and after I take a shower when I get back from the gym , and ive seen true firmness, i cant stop jiggling it from the bottom in the mirror (TMI? yeah maybe but lol im obsessed) iits soon to do a review but this review is for people who go to the GYM and acytually do some good work outs && take proteins (i take whey platinum) butttt my point about this product is, i will recommend it to friends but you have to put in work! work work! if u want a booty, u cant jus rub it on ur butt and expect a miracle. So.. after my first bottle is done which is probably in two months like everyone says .. im going to have a before and after pic. trust i wont forget. if you want to find out progress and also THANK U GIRL WITH THE LONG REVIEW ON HERE. LOLS."
"Have you ever wanted a sunscreen that absorbs quickly to your skin anddoes not smear when you sweat, which causes you to feel oily or sticky?  Coppertonesunscreen absorbs quickly which makes it feel like you were applying regular lotion. There's also different varieties one can chose from such as the amount of protection they want, the spray kind or the lotion kind, and they can even find sunscreen products for children and babies. This sunscreen not only protects someone from getting sunburned, but it also prevents skin cancer.Since this product absorbs quickly into the skin you do not have to worry about when you perspire that it is going to come off and if applied to the face it will not irritate your eyes. Many people do not like applying sunscreen because most of the sunscreens leave your skin oily or sticky, but coppertone is different, it gets absorbed quicker into the skin making it feel like you just applied regular everyday lotion. That is why the people who exercise outdoors enjoy using it because it will not bother irritate them when they are working out. To make the sunscreen even more effective it should be applied  fifteen minutes before going outside in the sun.Coppertone sunscreen has different varieties to chose form, for instance, spray or lotion, for sensitive skin and incase you already got wet before applying any, and there is even sunscreen for children and babies. The spray kind is intended to help get the spots people usually miss like the back, while the lotion kind you can rub it one to make sure you are applying a good amount of sunscreen. Babies over six months can wear sunscreen and Coppertone has even made a special kind for them due to the fact that since they are young their skin is still sensitive, and they also have a kind for children. Coppertone has made even sunscreen for people with sensitive skin so they can also protect themselves from the harmful rays of the sun and global warming. The higher the Sun Protection Factor (SPF) is the longer it stays on and protects you.In conclusion, this product is water resistant and it doe not wear off when you sweat has made it a good choice since global warming has gotten worse, it better protects against the suns harmful rays which can cause skin damage and eventually skin cancer. Since this sunscreen can stand agains your own sweat it makes it a great product to buy and the higher the SPF the longer it lasts it lasts. This product has made it possible so that everyone can use it."
"very well made nice dark black shiney color holds my thick black hair very well ,love them will purchase more great company sent my clips very fast and packaged very well good job!"
"This rack was so perfect for all my nail polish I was so pleased.  Rack will hold all different shapes of polish bottles and are clearly visible making it very easy to choose the polish you want to use.  I couldn't have asked for a better visual ability for all my polishes which by the way, I have filled the rack already.  I would also recommend this rack as one you could display various collections...if you collect items like small figurines or thimbles perhaps."
"If you are using powdered eyeshadow, then this truly is the eye brush for you. It gives you real flexibility in creating the look you want! Be aware that this product is NOT intended, and cannot be used, for the new gel eyeshadows."
"We haven't used this long enough but we love what we have experienced so far.  It was recommended by a friend for my daughter hormonal acne, but she is afraid to use it!  So I guess we on't know for sure."
"I already have used this product with the shampoo for about a week. Just a personal thing, but I rotate products every week to avoid buildup in my hair and get better results. Having said this, i used this for one week. After thoroughly washing my hair and towel drying, i applied a small amount on my hair  from the roots to the tips. I let it sit on my head for 3-5 minutes and rinsed with luke warm water.My hair, once dried, was tangle free and very shiney. It looked healthy but did not look or feel greasy. It was just very manageable and it also took care of the static electricity which I often deal with on 0 humidity winter days.Given its price, this product is generously sized and a good value. I would definitely recommend it."
I bought this because I heard of all the horrid chemicals in commercial mascara.  So as soon as I received it I immediately threw out my commercial mascara!  This stuff works well!  It may take a few coats to get it dark/thick vs one coat with the commercial.  Doesn't smear/smudge and removes easily with make up remover or soap/water.  I'm excited!  This is a must for anyone looking for non-chemically mascara!  The price is worth it!
to work. It may even work better with the step 3 hair foam stuff. Needs to be more affordable to be rated higher.
This nail strengthener is great!  I had my acrylic nails taken off and found my nails very thin & weak.  NailTek is really helping them.  Polish stays on and doesn't chip.  Very fast delivery as well.  Great product!!
"These are awesome!  Love them for facials, massages and make up applications.  They keep the hair out of the way without messing it up too badly!"
Conditions well without weighing down my fine hair.Also my hair seems a bit fuller but also has a smooth appearanceso it appears (for my fine hair at least) to have a bit of conditioner and qualities of a ULTRA lightweight mouse
I've been using this conditioner for years. It works great on my extremely long hair and it smells absolutely amazing. I will continue to buy this! Highly recommend!
"great brush, i use it for clean up around the cuticles and anywhere else i need and it does the trick, its perfect because its dense but not too dense so its movable but still has force behind it if that makes sense."
"Fast shipping! About 2 weeks before it was supposed to be here. Couldn't be happier nice set, professional like salon. Im disinfected before use just in case. Love it! Can't beat price good quality! Cuticle trimmers cut clean and don't pull skin like the one I got from sallys beauty."
I love this moisturizer!  The texture is so light and it absorbs easily into my skin.  I wear this moisturizer every night with a separate eye cream.  Another plus about this product is that it does not contain excessive fragrance.
"As someone with a history of basal cell carcinoma and consequent Mohs surgery, I need the best sunscreen I can find. I've tried so many, and they either don't offer much protection, smell terrible, or leave a sticky feeling. I mix a small amount in my hand with my foundation before applying, and I love it. No scent and no stickiness. Awesome!"
"stainless steel tool, has nice weight to it. looks well made (not German or American well made but Chinese well made). I've had it for a few months, used it around water and it hasn't rusted or anything. the side with a cuticle pusher is pretty wide, as wide as some of my nails. my only complaint that it is a little thick. but it doesn't prevent me from using it the way it is supposed to be used. the other end is knife-like sharp edge. good for cleaning edges of your nails, removing traces of stubborn nail polish etc. I highly recommend using cuticle pusher only  after a bath or a shower, on softened skin"
These hair ties are the best I have found so far. They are durable and great for really thick hair
"I really do love this mascara. It goes on well and stays on all day. It's a great price, especially for an organic mascara, but you get what you pay for. In this case that seems to be a half empty bottle. I will probably continue to buy this mascara because it works so well, plus I can usually find it at Walgreens if I run out and need some right away. It is incredibly hard to find organic products in my area so that is actually a pretty big deal to me. I just wish I got a little more for my money."
"I just got this and proceeded to wash my face after a long day at work.  It definitely has a scrubby feeling but it's not like a brillo pad or anything, rather, you can tell it's sloughing off dead skin.  I'm going to keep using it, carefully (as in not scrubbing my face too hard) and hopefully it will make my skin even nicer than it is - which is a good thing at any age but at 45, I'm extra grateful for that."
"FINALLY A FACE WASH THAT MAKES ME EXCITED TO TALK ABOUT IT!I even made my password Cetaphil for a while.. it's THAT good.For years I suffered from underground pimples and black heads due to terrible face washes.  I have VERY SENSITIVE SKIN (I can't even eat spicy food, otherwise I look like a tomato) so it was hard to find a face wash that worked. I used everything from Neutrogena to L'Oreal and it either made me too greasy, dry, or didn't feel ""clean"".Then I discovered Cetaphil.  I don't really remember when it first happened, but man am I super pumped I did.  I've been using this for years and my face loves it.  It even can be a great body wash.It's a plain cleanser, no complicated ingredients.  I use this before I go to bed, and also have an extra in the shower for the mornings.  I do NOT recommend using it as a makeup remover.  I use ""Maybelline Expert Eyes"" Makeup remover and that works well with it (I also have sensitive eyes that get rashy if I use the wrong product, and I don't have any issues with this one)."
"The texture of this bb cream is comparable to missha perfect cover bb cream, which is to say creamy and thick but feels lighter on the face than foundation. Very nice, full coverage. I thought it would look orange on my skin (I have very fair olive-toned skin) but once blended it doesn't even look like I'm wearing makeup; it looks like my own skin but completely even and dewy and beautiful. A great bb cream and a really nice price. Highly recommended."
"Bought this after I got a facial and the esthetician recommended it after she used it on me. I have to say after using it 2x a day for 2 weeks I am really pleased with the results.  Twice a week I use it as a mask by leaving it on 10 minutes (again the esthetician's recommendation).  I have oily skin, that is prone to break outs (although nothing major).  I searched all over online to get the best price and Amazon hands down has the cheapest of this product."
"I was using another brand of shampoo (Clear AntiDandruff), when I decided to give this one a try. While Dove was not as effective as Clear against the dandruff problem, it has several advantages.While my Clear experience had completely eliminated my dandruff problem, I occasionally see some flakes during my trial run with Dove. Although both have the same main ingredient (1% pyrithione zinc), it might be due to other content, or might be external factors. But, since this was actually better than most other shampoo I tried, I'm not giving this one a much lower score.Also Clear left some kind of residue afterwards, requiring me to an extra rinse of my forehead after drying my hair. Dove does not have this problem. This is a major plus for me.Overall it's not a bad alternative to Clear. I know that people's skin react differently to different shampoo formulas, so if Clear is not working for you, you can give this one a try."
"It came very quickly  and in great condition.  Thank you so much, I would so order from you once again!  I use it for my nail decoration wheels.  I forgot the names of the companies, but just as thick as the nail polish they sell for better, thicker decals.  A great set for any nail polish enthusiast out there!"
"Lots of shades to choose & mix for the right shade. Not perfect, but it works pretty well. Cheaper than laser treatments!"
Delivers excellent results for the price that you pay for it. Hyaluronic acid is miracle for your skin- do yourself a favor and use it no matter what age you are.
"I've been wearing some form of eyewear whether its glasses or contacts for nearly all my life.  Well, I've gotten 'eyeglass wrinkles' which were a lot worse than I thought.  I'd worn glasses for about the past 20 or so years; and now that I've gotten older (50's) I'd decided to try contacts again and when I looked in the mirror I was horrified at my reflection.  I'd used Olay products from my 20's until my40's, and now I'm back to using Olay again.  The 'eyeglass wrinkles' are almost all gone (thank you Olay). and I'm back to using only Olay products."
"I copy/paste this from the other dove oil care product I bought but, it is still true.:)This is the IT. I am a natural 4b/c tiny ringlets. This dove line has always done wonders for me. To be a non-natural/commercial product it work better than some Whole Foods organic products. Smells like heaven, my hair is instantly softer, manageable, greats shine. It stays like that days after and even after using it for months start, it delivers great results still. I used for about a year and went to other products thinking I need a change. I recently bought this and the daily conditioner ( every product in the Nourishing oil care (gold) is worth it. I don't know why but my hair drinks it in. My hair has a bounce to also.The only problem is it does not rinse clean. You have to scrub your scalpel or risk buildup.i put with this because it works."
Simple yet nice packaging. Have been using these non stop since arrival. Great for the price. I would reccommend this product.
After using this product my wife says that her face feels very refreshed and it seems to be doing a great job.  The product is very easy to use and works very well so far.  Love that it is alcohol free and doesnt have dyes and perfumes.  Really happy with this product and will use again.  I like the products that Simple makes and that they dont have some of the added things.
I never would have thought it but this is the best eyeliner I've ever used. It goes on like a stick but with a brush like a liquid...perfect combo. Now I can line upper and lower with one tool and it doesn't RUN!!!
"Very easy to apply & clean up! I just wish it was a tad darker. Best eye marker i've owned, though!"
"If you sleep with it overnight, be prepared for oily hair for a few days (even if you wash it). However, it does help making your hair look oily. I don't care for the smell. I would try other products once I finish this one. I would recommend it for dry scalp. I don't have that problem but it was nice on my hubby's hair. It is worth a try if you have dry frizzy hair."
I like the feel to this but I have to mix it with something lighter or else it looks dark & orange on my skin. It gives a pretty good coverage too as I have acne scars.
"Larger than expected, but gorgeous. Very well made. They fit the arch of the nail well. Will order again. Very happy with this purchase."
this palette is perfect!I use to be scared of bright colors and getting this palette made me want more neon palettes like this.so many colors for a great prize.they are all good sizes to. no dime sizes its more a nickel size its bank for your buck!
"This does a great job of color care and smells nice & clean, so it doesn't clash with perfumes or other hair products. It doesn't weight my hair down but yet it feels nice & soft."
"I received some of Perfective Ceuticals Anti-Imperfection Eye Therapy with growth factor.  Now that I am in my 30's I notice some fine lines around my eyes.  It's not anything major, but I don't want it to get worse.  That is where the Eye Therapy can help!  This is great for a number of eye problems.  It targets dark circles, fine lines, puffiness, and wrinkles.  This is a very concentrated product.  You don't need to gob it on to do the job.  I personally found that if you apply a small amount under the eye and massage it in it works very well.  I notices that it did a great job smoothing the find lines under my eyes and it made them less visible.  love how it helps get rid of the puffiness in my eyes when I wake up too.  This is something you would want to use twice daily.The Eye Therapy is fortified with Collagen and Elastin to help improve your fine lines and wrinkles around the eye area.  The product also has ingredients in it that help lessen how deep wrinkles are.  How neat!  I am very pleased with the results so far and am excited to continue to use this over time.Free product sample provided for review purposes."
"I love this cleanser. It works very well, rinses off clearly, and leaves my skin soft. And I love the delicate scent. I will definitely keep buying this product."
"My absolute favorite brow product is from Lancome but we don't always have nearly $30 to spend on a eyebrow pencil (though they last a long time). I bought this to hold me over. Ultimately, I like it. My only problems are that, I wish the pencil was a bit larger and I wish the gel was a bit darker.I got dark blond and the pencil is fine but the brow-set gel seems to be a much lighter blond, so when it catches the light you can see the difference between where the pencil is and where the gel is - not a fan. Next time I'll probably nab a light brown and just be more gentle with the pencil and go heavier with the gel. The pencil is waxy but pigmented, which is great fora brow pencil and the gel holds all hairs in place. If you need an inexpensive brow kit, I'd get this. Though I also suggest using an angled brush and a matte eyeshadow of the right color to go over the pencil work before setting, though you could definitely just use this."
I've used it twice since it has arrived and my skin seems to like it a little better than the clay masks with what feels like menthol in them.
This stuff works great for me.It does not get the ones that r from hormones but o well nothing really can take care of those.I also wish they could send the toner to me but seeing as I'm not in the US right now no go there. -_-'
"I used this product regularly every night for two weeks. While my skin felt softer and more elastic, I didn't see much evening of skin tone or glowing skin. I believe prolonged use may prove most beneficial. Overall, a good product!"
"He's used it when it had first come out and use it a lot when we were dating and i decided to get it for him again, which he used up quicker than it took to get to us (not saying it took forever, just saying he loves it so much, lol).  Excellent scent!"
"Nice container, does what it says it will do, thanks Amazon nice price! This I understand is a favorite among movie set Makeup artists!"
Excellent for fine hair. Very easy to use. I love the grip on the end; it helps avoid burning your fingers. I used an earlier version of this curling iron for years until it conked out.
"Usually when I try these spot treatments, they inflame the blemish even further and make it far more noticeable. I have stayed away from them. This, however, is amazing. I put it on something that would have lasted a week or more, and it reduced it within hours. I am very VERY impressed. Different skin reacts differently to products. I'm thrilled to find something that works for me!"
"I use this over my Skin79 pink BB cream, and it keeps my makeup in place the whole day, even through the heat, and I also have oily skin. Nothing else seems to work that well for me since I do have oily skin, so I'm pretty happy with it. :]Oh and it smells good too, but doesn't have a strong smell, just a nice and light peachy smell."
First it makes my hair smell sensational.Next is makes my hair feel so luxurious.It is easy to apply and so far after a few days of use see results which are good enough to say I am going to put this on the shopping list.Very pleased
"conditions and detangles very well, although I didn't notice a huge reduction in frizziness.  Could just be that it's a been extra humid summer, sometimes nothing helps.  Can't beat the price on here, with the coupon it's less than the cheapest store-bought conditioners"
"I was given a sample of this when buying some nail polish.  On my next trip I took it along as my top coat.  I have had shellac and gel nail polish done which makes your nails really hard.  When you use seche vite it feels as though you have gel nail polish on.  It is the best product out there, and trust me I try everything. You will love this product."
"it does what it says it will.  I have serious eyelid sage and it did lift it right up.  Takes a while to get right, and I worry about making my issue worse somehow..but I am glad I bought and tried this.  When done right I could not see the tape."
"Conditions Nicely, Helps Defrizz, though not as well as some other products. Decent smell, clean and smooth, soft, works well with heating products also to not completely fry my hair."
Love the scent of this product. I like all of Mrs Meyer's products and will buy again.  It's a very gentle hand soap.
I don't know if others have found this true but my face feels softer and the bags under my eyes have improved as well. I mix three drops with my moisturizer and blend that over my face. I have also started to use a satin pillowcase. I am happy with the results.
These are not bad. They were not wrapped in plastic when I received them so I washed them before I use them. They hold my hair easily and came in three different colors.
people ask me what i am wearing it smell good and last all day i even bought her other perfumes they all smell real good
"Maybe I was just lucky to get a good set, but I am quite satisfied with what I got. Delivery was fast. The pouch came in a separate box with two informational leaflets - one with a description of every brush and one with general information about Shany Cosmetics. The pouch looks awesome and the color is very stylish - bloody red. Brushes came exactly as described here. No strange smells.What I like about these brushes is that they are really easy to clean. What I do not quite like is that angled and 'pencil' brushes are really not firm enough. It does not play much role to me, because I do not use these brushes for my makeup a lot anyway. But it is something that you should keep in mind before making a purchase.The brushes are softer than other brushes of the same price, but not as soft as higher-quality brushes.I think it is very good investment for beginners or those who do not use make up brushes a lot, but would anyway like to have this handy set for special occasions."
"Great leave-in treatment for dry, damaged or healthy hair. I use this product day time and night time. I use this product every time I was my hair and before I blow dry. So worth the money!"
"I've been looking for I something like this for several years now; the Avon eyeshadow I needed to replace had sadly been discontinued.  I've searched hi and low for a nice thick frosty pink eyeshadow like this that comes with its own wand for easy application.  In the meantime, I was stuck with other cream based shadows that weren't the right shade, and not thick and bold enough to be noticeable.  Luckily, I was on the lookout for an eyelash curler at Target, and there this eyeshadow was hanging right beside it.  I couldn't believe I may have found a great shadow at such a low price.  I'm not going to admit how much I spent at Ulta and other stores trying to find this!  I wore it for the first time today and it has excellent coverage, the color definitely noticeable, a frosty lighter shade of pink which contrasts nicely with green eyes like mine.  I didn't have any burning sensation as others mentioned, if you're like me and don't have a history of sensitive skin you'll probably be just fine.  The color did crease a little in the crease of my lid but not until I'd been wearing it for almost 10 hours.  I was surprised to see on Amazon this is waterproof because nothing on the packaging says that this product is waterproof. You would think that they would advertise that if it was.  I have not tested the waterproof capability yet, that's a minor issue for me.  I am in love with this product and will definitely stock up on it!"
"This Dead Sea Mud soap is WELL WORTH the price that you pay.  It works just as good as some of the more expensive brand names that I have bought in the past, that cost three times as much as One with Nature's!Thanks... Love it!Shannon Little"
"Like most women, I have tried MANY of self-tanners, bronzers, etc. in all their forms (lotion, spray, wipe, etc.) I have tried Neutrogena, Jergens, L'Oreal, Banana Boat, Hawaiian Tropic... All of them had MANY cons (sticky, streaking, blotchiness, uneven, not enough product, HORRIBLE SMELL...) which caused me to continuously hop around, and keep searching for a near &#34;perfect&#34; self-tanner for me. I have sensitive, fair, caucasian skin, with a mainly yellow undertone. I came to Amazon as I normally do, to find a new tanning lotion for the season. After stumbling across this one, with its decent price and positive reviews, I decided to try it out.Let me just say, that the other reviewers who said that this smells great were right! It has a very light, kind of fruity smell, which is pleasant. Probably because it is an oil based lotion, one pump nearly covered an entire leg from foot to thigh, which is very impressive, and I am the Queen of over-using lotions and moisturizers. It is a white-colored lotion, which turns translucent on your skin once rubbed in. I put it on after I shower at night before I go to bed. The smell stayed pleasant the entire night into the next day, and did not turn into that nasty &#34;self-tanner&#34; DHA smell that most do once they develop. The color developed into a believable, light, golden glowy color after first use, which I will keep on building on, and there was no blotches or streaks! I highly recommend trying this product! :)"
"Love love love  this foundation!!!!  Very light, really match the skin color, has 20 SPF and apply very smoothly. Definitely recommend it!"
"My flat iron arrived last week but today I finally had the chance to use it....boy was I surprised! I have been using Gold n hot products for so long but had to stop because they didn't last and the result left my hair stiff and kind of crispy. I switched to a Con air flat iron which was an improvement but its on its last leg! Low and behold Amazon had this as a Gold Box Deal and I had to try it before taking the plunge and purchasing a Chi iron.After using this iron today I am totally satisfied. My ends are salon smooth. I used it at 370 - I may lower the temp next time it was pretty hot. I didn't get a smell like some have mentioned. There was no burnt hair/product odor. It didn't feel like my hair was getting damaged with every glide. I also can't comment on the shine as I use coconut oil and Shea butter mixed with a thermal protectant which leaves my hair soft and full of sheen. I will say my hair is softer than usual after using this straightener compared to the others.Do read the instructions before hand to ensure you have a grasp on the features (locking the temp, pivot plates, etc). I am very satisfied with the iron overall and am glad I gave this product a chance. I will be looking into other Remington hair appliances.+TIP+To get your roots and new growth easier, pull your ends taut with the other hand away from your scalp while pressing the iron for 3-5 seconds close to the roots of your hair , comb with a fine toothed comb and repeat.+Rainy Day Update+After walking outdoors into a misty rain I have to say the humidity didn't take it's toll on my hair. I didn't get the insta-proof when I walked out the door. My hair is still holding up well and the ends are pin straight. It usually takes a salon visit for my hair to have bounce, I am totally pleased with this flat iron!"
"I have a few MAC brushes that I have had forever.  They're good brushes and good quality.  I recently decided to get a powder brush, the biggest I could find.  I already have a MAC powder brush, but wanted something bigger and better, but didn't want to spend $40+ on a brush.I tend to avoid inexpensive brushes because they shed and the blending abilities aren't the best, but then.  WHOA, HOLD ON.  Real techniques brush just freaking blew my mind.  It is inexpensive and it works the same, if not better, than expensive brushes.I washed the brush before I used it and could not get over how soft and fine the bristles felt.Once the brush dried, I used it to apply Makeup Forever's HD Microfinish Powder and holy beautiful skin that will make people jealous, Batman.This brush and that powder are going to do some amazing things together."
"I'm sure there's cheaper soaps out there, but this soap is one of the better ones I've come across. It has essential oils and leaves the skin smelling natural and nice. I use it in the kitchen, and when I eat I don't taste detergent or perfume on my hands. It doesn't leave residue or dry the skin out.To make it more economical, I dilute it and put it in one of the foaming dispensers."
"Feels good, makes my skin glow! I even use it as a daily shower scrub sometimes. Love the heat activation, wish I could find it in stores near me!"
"I definitely like this toner; it's very calming after cleansing and I've also found that it's really good for getting makeup residue off of your skin too - this is the only thing I would use to remove mascara residue from around my eyes, I don't feel at all nervous about having it near my eyes. I don't like the smell of it very much though, and I don't like the packaging either; the bottle has leaked a couple of times and the smell is just...odd."
This product leaves my skin feeling silky soft and the vitamin c eye gel is great as well you will not be disappointed in this product my skin can be sensitive to products and I have had no problems with either of these products
"This product makes my face feel so super clean!  I have super sensitive skin and this cleans perfectly. Many other products I have used in the past (Netrogena and even Aveeno)  meant clean skin equalled redness and irritation,  If that sounds like you, then GET THIS!  You will be amazed at how much cleaner (and for longer) your skin will feel!  I have been using this product since 2004, and will as long as I can keep getting it.  Oh, and BTW Amazon's prices are much better than Philosophy's!  Thanks Amazon!"
"Well I must admit that I was drawn to this product first by its Lovely packaging, but l packaging doesn't make the product.  I was also drawn to it for its awesome orange scent !  But as they say &#34; The proof is in the pudding &#34; !  I used this product on my left side of my face for over two weeks.  I was not yet able  to rid most of the acne discoloration on that cheek , but I did notice a very nice evening of my skin tone. I also noticed it shrinking the pores and smoothing my face, giving it a fuller less aged appearance.  For this I am excited. I was able to see a more rosey glow and more youthful appearance.  I also used it on my neck and noticed it did reduce fine lines and wrinkles.  My mom said I looked more healthy and that was important to me.  I will continue ot use this product in the weeks and months to come !"
"I apply the white liner on my waterline, and it makes my eyes appear bigger, but apply lightly if you put too much on it makes it look creepy!"
Thank you for the Viviscal - I have been using for 2 1/2 months and already see a difference in my hair.  Thanks again!!
"The first day I got this I unwrapped the outer plastic wrap while sitting in the car and proceeded to put it on much like lipstick, while looking in the rear-view mirror. Not a good result! The stain pen side is much like a marker and indeed it almost looked like I had a red felt tip pen smeared on my lips. I applied two coats and the look was almost goth with my pale skin and now very dark lips. I applied the lip balm in hopes that it would save the look, but while it did add some shine, that stain was here to stay for a good number of hours. Even eating dinner didn't help. Worse yet, my lips were a little bit chapped, so some parts absorbed more of the stain than others, and once the lip balm wore off, my lips looked horrendous. But I wasn't about to give up since I'd read some great reviews about Just Bitten.Day two was different. I first lined my lips with the pointed tip end of the stain pen. Then I filled in the rest of my lips by using the side of the pen. And I only applied one coat! This time the color was much better, still a bit dark for my normal everyday look, but no longer goth. My lips were still a bit chapped but I applied a lot of the lip balm throughout the day and I noticed they felt softer and looked better by day's end.Day three I finally got the perfect results since my lips were no longer chapped. My only complaint was that I found the lip balm a little bit boring, since it didn't add a lot of shine and had no flavor. I'd like to see a glossier balm and one with flavor, and then it would be the perfect lip stain product.I do like Just Bitten in Twilight, but with a few caveats. Be forewarned about what shade you pick since I think they go on darker than they appear on the packaging. When in doubt, go lighter as it can be layered for more color or a darker shade. Also, this lip stain is not good if you have chapped lips. Use a good lip balm for a few days prior to using this and get your lips soft and moistened. It looks bad on dry lips and even the lip balm won't help.  Finally, I'd like to see Revlon make the lip balm a bit more exciting. Make it flavored and bump up the shine."
"I have 3 or 4 favorite scents that I wear according to my mood and to the environment(s) I will be wandering through, leaving my fragrance behind. Jessica McClintock Eau de Parfum is, indeed, a very special scent which brings out the whimsical romantic, the feminine girly-girl in me.This light, poetic, innocent, extremely uplifting scent evokes the first flowers of spring, fresh delicate blooms with just a touch of green. The perfume, which debuted in 1988, has wonderful top notes of black currant, bergamot, and basil. The longer lasting base notes include a delicate white flower blend of lily of the valley, white jasmine, rose, and ylang-ylang, along with subtle hints of citrus, musk and sandalwood.I wear this perfume day and night, especially in the hot spring and summer months, but also during winter evenings, and at work. It really picks up my spirits and is an excellent natural mood enhancer on a gloomy day. As always, I am careful never to apply too much - just a spritz at pulse points. I do carry a purse size refresher with me.The Jessica McClintock Design House of San Francisco has long been associated with clothing that blends fantasy and romance. I have many friends who wore this perfume on their wedding day - very appropriately. One of the reasons I am writing this review is that the relatively new Vera Wang fragrance seems to be the upcoming romantic/bridal favorite. While I really like Vera Wang, both her designs and perfume, I don't think her scent is comparable to Jessica McClintock. When you go the perfume counter or store next, try the samplers and see for yourself.Highly recommended! ENJOY!JANA"
"I do not typically burn. However I installed a pool last year and spend alot of time in it . I did not notice as I was floating around on my chair reading that I was burning. I was skeptical  of this product thinking it was like all the rest .  I found it to be soothing, reduce the hot feeling ,kept my skin hydrated and helped with the pain making it much easier and more comfortable to deal  with the sunburn."
This is a great night cream. I use it nightly along with the serum. I have noticed the fine lines getting a little less noticeable. I think it's even helping the deeper wrinkles. I have noticed the lip lines fading a little. I was thinking it wouldn't help at all but it has.
"I got this yesterday 9 or more days earlier than expected and I love it! It cuts through the nail tips nicely and you can go slow or fast and its nice! I got mine with red handles with were bright and colorful and it was oiled so it worked really nice right off the bat! I did have to wipe a little bit of the oil off but 5 stars is perfect for this because its a great buy for so little price! Also, if you have long enough nails, I'm sure it'll work on natural ones too!"
"There's really not a lot you can say about this product - it doesn't have a pizzazz or sex appeal to it - except it does the job: you put it in your hair, and it holds it where you put it for the day.  Also, a little bit seems to go a long way so this size tube, for me, will last a while and appears to be a good value for your dollar.If I could make one recommendation for improvement, itwould be to lose the scent; while not overpowering, I hate smelling it on my hands even after washing several times."
"This cream is very high quality, and works quite well. There has been a noticeable difference in my skin, and this cream is making me look much better. The price is very cheap ( compared to other expensive brands ), and it really helps me better than the more expensive ones. I still giggle at myself because it makes me look a few years younger. Excellent product, I recommend this to anyone who is looking to improve how their skin looks!"
"This is easy to use, well packaged and long lasting.  I did not have the problem with it drying out as other people have mentioned.. but I also store it upside down so that the tip doesn't have the opportunity to dry out."
"I wanted a lighter moisturizer, not just for the summer but beyond. I had a sample of this product in the past and I liked it. Its feels lightweight,non-greasy,absorbs quickly, and felt soothing at the same time. My skin is a bit oilier in the summertime so this is perfect. I would still continue to use in the winter season also because its moisturizes that well."
"All I will say is this, this is some real 100% coconut oil, it is not just good it is great, great for your skin and your hair. I have well past my waist dreads or locks if you will and this is just fine for my hair, with a little shea butter added this keeps my scalp and my dreads tight. I  have one recommendation, keep it well refridgerated or it will liquify on you, other than that I have no complaints. The oil is oderless, if you want a scent, an essence oil may be added if you would like a scent added, it is a carrier oil. I will be buying more as it arrived very quickly and it is very clean and fresh, not stale as others have said. I would not recommend this oil for cooking, this is not a cooking oil. I am so glad I found this oil at an acceptable price too, I will be back for more."
"I swear by this stuff!!I have very dry skin and nasty, hard, dry ankles and knees. Since I've been using this oil my legs are smooth, and the dry, dead skin that once was is gone!"
"I love this mask, I'm at the end of my first bottle and just ordered another. I have very oily skin and it doesn't not dry it out or create excess oil. It leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean. I would definitely recommend this product as it is one of my favorites."
"As the title says, it doesn't really give a good, clean cut. I just make sure that I cut them a bit above what I actually want them to be at, though - a second of filing it down past any jaggedness/little cracks the clippers might have left fixes that. Worth what you pay for them, anyway."
I read about this on a beauty blogger's page and couldn't find it online anywhere but Amazon.  The color is beautiful!!  And I love the packaging - adorable!!  This is the first item I have purchased from The Balm and wish I could find more of the brand in the U.S.  I would love to try out other products.  I am blonde and have fair skin and this color perfectly compliments my skin tone.
"This product restores shine and deep conditions hair. This product is perfect for color treated hair, highlights, and people who blow out their hair often. You will not be disappointed."
"I really like this iron. It was affordable and works very nicely on my hair. I can never justify spending much on a hair iron so was looking for something to do a good job and be affordable. This fit the ticket! My only problem with it is a small design flaw. At the end of the plates toward your hand there is a crevice which hair can get caught in and cause damage to your hair. I finally just wrapped some electrical tape over these crevice though and has been doing great since, wish I had thought to do it sooner though!"
"This is an ideal product.It's the perfect size and doesn't take up much space.  I searched around and the product is somewhat costly.  Nonetheless,  I'd certainly purchase it in the near future."
"UPDATED 5/7/14:I went and bought more of these as they really seem to work.  The warmth is a very pleasant sensation and afterwards your skin just feels amazing!ORIGINAL REVIEW:Both my husband and I tried this product and we both loved it!  As you apply it to your face, it warms immediately.  It gets quite warm - I would say right up to the line of too warm.  The smell is not unpleasant and sensation once the extreme warmth dissipates is wonderful and relaxing.After leaving it on a minute, it's easy to wash off (although it does take a bit of time).  And afterwards?  Even though it sounds hyperbolic...my skin felt absolutely invigorated!  I didn't want to put on any lotion or any makeup or do anything to clog my pores again.I used it in the morning - so I had to delay putting anything else on my face - so I would suggest using this in the evening so your skin can just be clean and bare for a while afterward.Once we use this up - I plan on buying more right away."
"Bought mine at WalGreens, 9.99 and it works wonderfully on my fine, thin, limp, blonde hair. Doesn't strip my hair, the bleach out, nor dry it out. I have it bleached every three to six months, and it has made my hair more manageable. Try it out for yourself. I'm glad I made the switch."
"This leaves skin smelling like this smell that's in the gel. I sometimes like it and sometimes dislike it. But as product goes, this will hide any smell and clean at the same time. I use it on dirty sneakers."
It does what it says but I wish it puts on more smoothly. It's pretty hard to get a smooth matte look since my nails are naturally not smooth. But it does its job.
When I don't get enough sleep the dark circles appear. I have used this product twice already and really like the results.
Finally got a color I was looking for. In the past the colors were too light or too bright. Out of 5 tries now have 2 colors that I like and use.
I just started using this and it's been a miracle worker....my large pores have almost diminished and my skin feels smoother..I'm waiting to see if it helps with discoloration and acne scars...will keep everyone posted.
"I have been using the regular Aveeno face cleansing foam for a long time, as it is very gentle on my sensitive skin. Also, I have a tendency to blepharitis (granulated eyelashes) and my eye doctor told me to shampoo my eyelashes regularly. Aveeno cleanser is find for this as well. I did not know there was a special calming formula for rosacea until I ran across a magazine advertisement and, of course, I went online to see where I could find it. Bless Amazon, almost anything I want can be found here, and their delivery is always super quick. I love this product, it is creamier than the regular Aveeno foaming face cleanser, so I will stick with it. Whether or not it will actually calm the rosacea problem I do not know yet, so I only geve it four stars."
I like the fact you have two sizes to choose from when stamping. Small side works perfect for small finger nails or designs.
I have been using this product for a little over a month now and am very impressed. The dropper makes it very easy so use.  My skin appears  brighter and smoother. I have oily skin on my t-zone and I have not had an issue. This product is quick absorbing and a little goes a long way so this bottle will surely last a while.
"I have been trying to ""get my body back"" after having my last child two years ago (had twins before that). After doing some research on the internet I decided to try a three step approach: working out, exfoliating and a firming lotion.I have seen some pretty dramatic results.Please remember that I am also working out and exfoliating, but I can feel this lotion ""tighten"" my skin after it is applied and I really feel that it is helping. It also smells great!My only complaint is that I wish it were a bit more moisturizing. I have SUPER dry skin and I usually have to apply a thicker moisturizer to my problem areas (knees, elbows, hands, etc). That probably wouldn't be an issue for someone without dry skin.Now, you must understand that NO lotion is going to work miracles. If you have a lot of loose skin this product can help, but its not going to be the equivalent of plastic surgery! But I have been using it for about six months now and I do honestly think that it is making a difference in reducing the amount of loose skin that I have post-baby."
These brushes are great! I loved the smallest brush for all the detail work on anything I'm doing. Shipping was fast and the price is great. I will be purchasing these brushes again.
It is everything I expected. I keep all my neutral shadows in this pallete and I love it. Quick shipping and I love that!
My mom has tried this on her dark sunpots and it seems to really be lightening them. She is thrilled Hope to see better results the longer she uses it! Great Product. Great for any part of the body.  Did not make her skin feel overly sensitive. Would recommend this to anyone who is wanting to lighten their dark skin spots.
"This was a gift that made my mom very happy, good variety of colors, good quality, so thank you very much"
"I wish I did I before and after picture...I'll keep that in mind whenever I try out a new product. But seriously Concha cream is usually my go to stuff when my skin is going through some serious outbreaks. Pimples for me means scars so knowing I cant help but &#34;relieve&#34; a pimple I can only expect to heal with brown spots. With the concha cream I literally see my acne get less inflamed and my dark spots are incredibly lighter. I especially love using this mask just to have baby soft skin. Its oh so pleasurable!About me: I have combination skin, little to no acne depending if I leave my make up on after a loong(maybe drunkin) night, I have anemia so I scar easily...The ingredients are also explicit which I enjoy.Optimally drinking lots of water keeps skin clear."
"Now THIS is what i expected when I first started hearing raves about ""BB Cream.""  MUCH better than the original or ""regular"" Garnier BB Cream formula.  Instead of the thick, lotion like texture of the other one, this one has a thin, watery texture that sets to a near perfect matte finish that mostly stays put. Nice for putting on additional make up, like powder blush or eye shadow. the original bb cream from Garnier seemed way too thick for that. It never seem to 'set' and would just wipe off easily.  This one for combination/oily skin offers great coverage, but its still 'thin' and light enough that I can also put it all over my neck and chest area. So i have the SPF coverage AND my neck and chest look smooth and flawless too!  I actually bought a 2nd one, so I can have plenty.Havent been using it long enough to experience any break outs, but I wouldnt anticipate any. ( I have normal to dry skin, with the occasional monthly 'hormonal' break out, usually around my chin and lower jawline area.)  and even being a little on the dry side, this bb cream is still just fine for me, not TOO matte. Perfect for when its hot out and you want a matte finish, as opposed to a dewey ( sweaty!) finish.  The ONLY thing, its not waterproof, so if you are outdoors for any length of time or sweating, you would need to reapply if you are using it for the SPF."
I have smile lines. DEEP ones. I'm 32 but have had them since 13! I've tries everything. Prices up to 150 a bottle. No results. Two weeks and I saw a HUGE diff. As did others. Recommend to friends. I apply twice daily. As a filler I apply and cover with my facial moitstrizer then apply foundation. After a while the filler part becomes needed less as it reduces lines. I also use it on my dark circles with results!
This barette is very dainty and I was surprised that it has a different clasp than normal.  I am not fond of the closing mechanisum but am very pleased with the beauty.
"This smells great, and gives my hair a sleek shiny look. Conditions very well. My hair tangles very easily, and this product gets the knots out very well. I have only used one other product that works better."
"When I first tried this shampoo I simply found it an enjoyable experience because of the rich lather and invigorating scent, but I was quickly surprised to find that my hair did almost immediately have a thicker appearance. Although I wouldn't say the results were miraculous, but it does work, probably by simply making your hair less soft.Overall, I think it's a good deal. Affordable price, good-sized bottle, thicker hair appearance without losing moisture, masculine scent, very bubbly - you don't have to use very much. I'm not especially picky about my shampoos, but I noticeably enjoyed using this one, so that outta count for something!"
"Note: I bought this from Target, not Amazon.So for whatever reason, I've had the same ""meh"" low-quality Conair flat iron for three years. Maybe I'm cheap? I dunno. But I decided to try this one out, and OMG do I love it! I've also tried friend's irons, like Chi's and the like, so I have a decent point of comparison.Pros:- It gets hot in 15 seconds- It gets HOT- It glides like silk over rainbow tears or something- Does NOT snag even one strand of hair; if you're snagging, you're doing something wrong- It straightens perfectly (one caveat, my hair is an easier type so doesn't take much)- It does beachy waves- It makes really pretty, simple, and long-lasting curls- The design makes it really diverse as far as styling options- The swivel cord is cool- The blue display is nice, and beeps when it's ready- It's cheap in price, but certainly not quality!Cons:- Pshhhh ... NONE!Just buy it already!"
"I was afraid it might be cheap looking but i couldn't have been more wrong.  Metal and the psuedo saphires pop. You can tell they are fake only if you scrutinize it up close.  I love how it came in the blue velvet box and packaged in a Twilight themed box.  Nice collectors item!  One thing to keep in mind, you should have med hair thickness if you want to wear it up ( I just thinned my hair out so I have pieces that dont stay in comb) and if you plan to use it just as a comb to sweep up small amounts of hair, you might have to work at it depending on your hair. The comb teeth can move a bit.  But great conversation piece and I am very happy overall :)"
So very creamy and pigmented. You can use it alone or top a lipstick coat and it looks awesome. Will re-purchase other colors as well!
It's really nice stuff. Though it's a strong rose smell and its heavy. I recommend it if you have super dry skin. It did help my dry skin... but I can only take so much of the smell. And it's not ideal before makeup. It's a night thing.
Use this with my clarasonic works great
This is my favorite mascara. I like how it feels on my lashes. I like color. Lashes never stick together. Eyes look like doll eyes.
"This is a cleaning system that comes with 2 brush heads and two sample sizes of Olay's cleansers.  You get one brush head for regular cleaning and one foam head for deep exfoliating.  There are two samples of the cleansers that comes with this.  One is a daily use cleaner with a bead like exfoliating agent that is designed to be used with the brush head.  The other is a thermal crystal (they heat up on contact with the skin) exfoliating cleanser that is designed to be used with the foam head.  You can also use regular facial soap with the brush.  The system has three speeds and comes with batteries.Overall, I really like the system.  After a few days of using this, I told my husband I thought my skin looked better and he agreed with me!  Since my husband is one of the world's most honest men, if he didn't agree with this, he would have said something noncommittal to skirt the issue.  So I had to believe it wasn't just my wishful thinking.So far, I have been using this a month and I am pretty happy with the product.  The one thing this product could use is better instructions for when you use this the first time.  I would recommend starting with a slow speed and increasing the intensity as your skin adjusts.  I will probably not get thier daily cleanser but I will buy more of the exfoliating cleanser. Good product, recommend."
"For around the same price, you can get a good-quality Korean BB Cream that is better both in value and quality. I would really rate this a 3.5/5, but decided to be reaaally generous and round up--for a cheap drugstore item, it's not too bad.Here's why I don't love it:-GREASY: Even if you have dry skin, you'll just look greasy until it dries (which takes forever). I hate when hair sticks to my face. A finishing powder would be great, but the point of me using this was not to wear more product.-NOT GOOD FOR SKIN: I'd call this a tinted moisturizer, **NOT** a BB cream. For a couple weeks, this was the only thing I used on my face except for moisturizer. The texture/quality of my skin got worse--something that wouldn't necessarily happen with a true BB cream unless you were allergic to something. This never happened with my Skin79 BB cream. It's not like there's any regulation on what companies can call a BB cream; I mean, Garnier could come out with a face scrub and slap on the label ""BB Cream"".-EMPHASIZES LINES: If you can't tell from the pics I posted, my hands are pretty wrinkly up close--this emphasized all the lines. I'm young so my face doesn't have wrinkles, but if it did I would definitely not use this.-LOOKS CAKEY: I have a few small bumps on my skin, and some patches of dryness--this just looked really bad over them. That being said, it's not noticeable unless you look at my face from like a foot away.-FEELS CHALKY: Not the same as looking chalky--this isn't something many people would have a complaint with. You know how most cheap sunscreens and some 'moisturizers' don't quench dry skin, so even if it's wet it feels chalky? This is just like that.Here are some rewarding properties:-NO YELLOW UNDERTONES: These aren't made specifically for Asian skin.-GREAT COVERAGE: Especially for a tinted moisturizer, the coverage is pretty great.-FEELS LIGHT: I can feel when there's product all over my face, and it feels uncomfortable--that's why I don't use liquid foundation. This stuff feels very light.-CHEAP: Hey, thirteen bucks isn't bad.-SPF 15: If you don't wear sunscreen on your face, you'll have some sort of UV protection.-NOT THE WORST: Ehh, it's not a bad product. It's cheap, covers your skin, isn't super heavy, has sunscreen, etc. But I would never describe this as ""great"" or ""amazing"" or ""perfect"".Just a warning--I have medium skin and this fit me perfectly, so I would NOT recommend this for light skin.If you have pale skin without intensely pink undertones: get a Skin79 or other Korean BB cream (they have different formulas for different concerns)--they feel amazing.If you have more money to spend: Dr. Jart has great BB creams. Apparently the Too Faced one has good coverage.If you have medium skin and don't want to spend a lot on the BB cream fad: This is a decent alternative, but L'oreal and Maybelline are also coming out with 'BB creams'--you could try those as well.Being medium-skinned, my 'Oriental Gold' Skin79 cream didn't match my skin well (but feels amazing! I mix it w/moisturizer so it's not as light). This Garnier Fructis product perfectly matched my skin tone as well as my sister's (who is a few shades lighter), but the quality was somewhat inferior.(note: I don't think GF ever made any reference to this *improving* your actual skin, which is what real BB creams do--it just says it 'instantly improves' when you put it on, which any foundation will do. careful wording!)"
"This is the best over the counter product I have ever bought that really works on wrinkles. I use it every night and in just two weeks saw a difference. I use a little more than what is recommended as well. You will definitely need to use sun protection during the day as your skin will be extra sensitive with this product. Love it, and will continue to use as long as they continue to make it available."
"got this for my bfs lil sis some colors arent as pigmented as others but all in all great product for the price, and as long as you use primer, itll help alot, she uses too faced shadow insurance."
"I am a skin product addict and have tried them all. This makes the skin flawless and I get compliments all the time. I am 53, but look much younger!"
I have super dry no chemical hair! I have disregarded and thrown out the idea of ever utilizing a perm ever again. I tried the keratin and it broke my hair off and I have been nursing my hair back to health for the last two years and have seen such tremendous changes. This product will breath life back into your hair and the smell is ABSOLUTELY YUMMY! This is a must have product for any african american woman looking for an add on to their daily regimen of fan favs.
"Suave Moroccan Infusion Dry Shampoo is an easy to use spray that transforms limp, lifeless hair into a full-bodied style.  This product is the first dry shampoo I've ever used, so I can't compare this product to others.  But I can say that I was pleasantly surprised by the results.  It's a great way to freshen hair between shampoos or after working all day before a night on the town.  And the exotic fragrance is enjoyable."
"This BelleSha Beauty Sleep Extra Comfortable Sleep Mask is decent quality and works well as a sleep mask. I always use a sleep mask since my room has a lot of ambient light, so I was pleased to be able to try out this set. Here are my observations:Includes; Sleep Mask, Single Gel Mask, Earplugs (which I didn't use)Pros -+ Quality; this is good quality and should last a very long time+ Comfort; these feel good and do not distract while sleepingCons -- Light Leakage; these do let a little light in under the eyes, but that might be due to the shape of my faceMisc -* Gel Insert; this is a one piece design, not the two shown in the product pictureOverall, this is a nice sleep mask set that works well.Recommended!CFHNote: Sample provided to review"
"This was so reasonably priced I added a bottle to my last order and will be getting another to have in my travel case, it dries fast,clear with a glossy smooth sheen and stunning shine . I promise you will be glad you got it to go with your Essie polish. You get what you pay for when you buy Essie, top shelf quality that you will be glad you spoiled yourself with ! 10 stars all day long!"
"I will not lie. I was cursed with HORRIBLE HAIR. It's naturally curly - like WAY naturally curly - but I don't like wearing it that way because it's too short, so I look like a poodle. So, I blow dry and use a heat implement every day. I know, bad for your hair. Whatever. Because I beat my hair into submission every day, it shows. It gets HUGE and FRIZZY. And when it rains? FORGET IT.I have an arsenal of products claiming there's no way your hair will even THINK about frizzing if you use this... Erm. WRONG. They leave me with frizzy hair that just looks greasy, which is a BEAUTIFUL LOOK, right?But, you guys... I used this Pantene Pro-V stuff and MY HAIR IS ALMOST SLEEK!! I ran the curling iron through it, as always, but before that I could feel the texture was different. Here's what I recommend to my frizzy-haired friends: use the FULL FOUR PUMPS. Run your hands through your hair and totally coat it. Use a big-toothed comb and really let it get everywhere. Then wait a few minutes, to let it sink it. I made the bed in the meantime, because my room was a mess. But anyway, after that style it how you usually would. I blew it dry, then used my curling iron to style. Didn't use a bit of hairspray, since that dries it out (you NEED a good cut when you have CRAPPY HAIR).And voila! If not 100% sleek, 90 % or so (actual experience will vary).I WILL NEVER BE WITHOUT THIS PRODUCT AGAIN.It changed my life!Okay, I'm not THAT much of a loser. But it did make my day happier. So, if you're like me, and God hates you, please consider trying this out. I KNOW how frizzy hair feels... :-( I can't vouch for how it behaves in extra-high humidity - and maybe you'll have to use either a bit more of this or something else, in that case, but I haven't tested it yet - but I can vouch for the AMAZING texture I have after it's styled.Enjoy!"
"I was skeptical about using PCBF Eventone Fade Cream because I have very sensitive skin, but I have not had any reactions. This product doesn't lighten the skin; it even the complexion. I use it after the PCBF exfoliating facial scrub or facial cleanser/wash. I wear it as my daily moisturizer."
"The product itself is rather small, but it yields &#34;a lot&#34; in terms of nail art. Yes, it is rather hard to work with at first, due to the size and fact that it's not really &#34;tape&#34;. I've found best results placing on the top coat first, then letting the top coat dry for a minute (until it's &#34;tacky&#34;) and then adding the decoration stripe - finishing it off with a thin layer of top coat.Overall, for a buck, this was worth it in terms of a finishing touch on nail art :)"
I am in loveee!... I have found my favorite body cream!. The smells is unbelievable. The consistency is lovely. It absorbs to the skin super fast and it leaves the skin shinny and soft. I will be repurchasing this on and on!
"i love shellac is the best! my clients are very happy, and this bottle last a lot of manicures! it is worth the price"
very snug around the hairline.  Covers all my hair.  I just  received it  so I cant' say anything about its &#34;shelf life&#34;.
"I've always liked the Neutrogena items I've tried. This cleanser is no exception. It's a clear, thick liquid which pumps out nicely, no clogging. It has a nice, fresh scent and my face feels clean afterward. It contains a form of salicylic acid, but I didn't notice my skin being appreciably clearer. My only complaint would be that in the colder months it's a bit drying, but during the summer it's a good choice."
"Since the weather has gotten warmer, I've been putting this moisturizer on. The sunsceen part of it works really well. There's nothing worse than putting on sunscreen and have it be either oily/greasy (like some of the spray sunblocks) or too sticky. There's no strong smell to it, which is a major plus.It's really great for those who are prone to oily skin on your face. My forehead tends to get oily and this moisturizer has helped control it. And I haven't had any bad breakouts while using this product.I would definitely recommend this moisturizer for the upcoming summer season."
"I have extremely thick, and difficult to manage dark brown hair. I've tried literally every serum and shine spray that is ou there to help tame the beast. I was hesitant due to the price but I know know you get what you pay for. So much of my money was being wasted on Wal-Mart and CVS type products that just don't work on thick full hair. This Paul Mitchell Skinny Serum is not oily or greasy. It makes my hair SUPER SHINY and very manageable. Not only can I run a brush through my hair but I can run my fingers through it without causing tangles! I have hair down ot my waist and it only takes about a nickel size dab to cover all of it. I will never by cheap products again."
"The choice of having rougher and smoother side is perfect for all skin types. The size is perfect. They dry fast, just wish there were multiples in each pack."
"This is a must have for a daily and nighttime moisturizer. Only a small amount goes a long way. It's also great for mixing with my self-tanning lotion, for a more evenly applied tan. Sometimes, on the weekends, I rub a bit through my hair and do a deep conditioning. Light weight, to the feel, and a nice calming fragrance. This is now part of my daily regime now!"
"Yes, it does smells bad, but it was the only product that instantly cured my dry scalp! I mean it instantly.My scalp was sore and flaky due to the heat and even though I use sulfate free shampoo for dandruff ( I have ethnic hair, and I do Brazilian blow out)nothing has worked as well as ojon!Please change the smell?!!"
"I love them!! They are perfect for nail art! Yes, people would usually use it for make-up, but Ilike to use them for special nail art design."
"I am in love with the scent of this conditioner. It leaves a light scent to my hair, also. I like that it does a good job of lightly moisturizing my hair while leaving it with body and bounce even in the cold, dry wintertime. I tend to get a little bit more of the frizzies when I use this, but that is easily tamed with a little pomade and is worth it to get more volume to my hair. The only drawback is that it's a little pricey, but sometimes you get what you pay for."
I have very fair skin and age spots so I discovered this bisque works great as my summer foundation after I use my BM light foundation to conceal spots/uneven tone first! Great for aging skin gives you options as no ones skin is the same! Never felt like the light foundations cover as good as shown because the concealers are darker then the foundations so spots shows through I almost gave up on this line until I figured this out.
"The moment the Nars Pure Radiant Tinted Moisturizer arrived, I tried it. I chose Annapurna, because it said 'medium', which usually works for me. I didn't want to go any lighter, because makeup that is too light tends to look awful even though I have fairly light skin. I also wanted a little bit of color, enough to look healthy.I recommend three things when you first try it.1. Don't use very much. A little goes a long way. I used too much and my face looked abnormally reddish-brown. I washed it off and decided the shade wouldn't work for me.2. Give it a minute before tossing it out if it looks too dark. The next morning I tried it again. Again, my face looked abnormally red/brown. This time, I didn't wash it off. A few minutes later, it looked good! It was the right shade for me after all.3. It was really hard to get the stain off my hands. When I thought I had  my hands clean, I dried them and more stain came off on the towel. I may use a makeup brush for it in the future.It does give a healthy natural glow and makes my skin feel great. I love the texture. It doesn't look as natural and/or creamy as some of my other choices. It looks a little splotchy. I may not buy it again. The jury is still out on it."
"I have naturally straight thick long layered hair. I thought I would update from my old conair barrel curling iron.. This heats up very fast. I used the high setting because I have thick hair, it feels really smooth and my hair does feel silky when using this, it curls pretty fast.. I have the 1.5 barrel to define my layers. It works well and I don't feel like its buring my hair. Nice product!"
"My Holy Grail! I've got very oily, sensitive, acne-prone skin and large-ish pores on my cheeks and nose. I don't really have a problem with pimples on a daily basis, but once in a while (or more like once a month...) I get horrible breakouts, I'm talking like 10-15 pimples on my face at a time. The painful, red kind that usually take a while to clear up. This mask makes my breakouts go away 3 or 4 times as fast as normal. When I feel a breakout coming on, I'll apply this mask and rinse off 15 minutes later. By then the pimples are usually only half the size they were pre-mask, no lie! I'll then apply my usual face lotion and use it as a spot treatment at night, and my pimples are significantly smaller. It's one of the only products I'll trust when I'm breaking out. When I'm not breaking out, I'll use this once or twice weekly to clean up my pores and what not. I feel like this helps prevent breakouts if you feel one coming on. Also, makes your skin feel soooo soft after using! I've repurchased probably over 10 times now. Definitely worth it!"
"this product smells really great - citrus, grapefuit. also a much softer feel than a lot of exfoliants. totally recommend, especially for oily skin"
I love all of Philosophy's products and this one is no exception. It really does a good job with cleaning and it also smells wonderful. Great company with lots of great products!
"From the moment I started seeing the commercials for this mascara, I knew I needed to try it. I am addicted to mascara and I'm always looking for the best of the best without paying crazy prices.This mascara is currently my go to mascara. Lately I've been on a kick of adding fibers to my mascara to increase the length but with this, I do not need the added fibers. I'm happy with simply two coats.If you're on the fence about purchasing this product, take it from me that you won't regret the purchase."
i didnt buy these to use on my nails but rather to use with my art...its a great variety and a good price....then I did use it to decorate my nail....bonus!
"If you hate having your skin fry in the sun, then this product is for you.  I would call this product a heavy duty sun BLOCK because that's exactly what it does.  You get NO rays whatsoever.  You can't sweat this stuff off either.  It stays put; it doesn't melt and it's not oily or sticky.  Although the product is ""flesh-toned"" out of the tube, it left a somewhat light haze on my face as if I'd put on foundation. With that said, for ladies who like a ""matte"" finish on their skin, you'll love this stuff because it does NOT shine and it's not greasy.THAT characteristic alone makes this sunscreen unique.  It's like make-up.  I just finished mowing the  grass for 2 hrs. in the hot sun, and this product did not ""melt""; doesn't shine, and I didn't sweat it off.  It's actually pretty amazing stuff.I will definately buy this again.  Glad I discovered it early in the season."
Best eye brow pencil....Avon GLIMMERSTICKS Eye Brow Blonde.....great color and I have used these for years moist not dry and I love these.
I use this brush fairly often and it has held up extremely well.  Great value and supreme quality.  Very smooth on the face.
"Im a fan, I like this a lot, I feel that it works wonders"
I like this flat iron. The only thing I would say is that it takes a little longer than I'd like to straighten my bangs. I think that's cuz of the bigger size of the 1.5 inch plates. Still like it though. It gets really hot.
"I use this brush for my highlight exclusively. I LOVE this brand. These are such high quality brushes I can't believe I bought them online. Everything from the case, to the handle, to the bristles are perfect and soft and sturdy. I will be buying all new brushes of this brand."
This flat iron spray works well and smells great! I watched a YouTube video featuring this spray and she used way too much product. A little goes a long way.
This lotion seems to work as well as any other expensive brand lotion for eczema. Not my favorite but it is a good product.
"This is a nice little tote, although when I received it, the price was a bit more than I've paid for other more sturdy totes that serve the same purpose. My ecological views like the fact it is made from plastic bottles. Perhaps that is why it made my hands itched before I washed it. It is labeled as washable. I wish there were instructions for folding it back up into the tote pocket. I gave up trying, it wasn't worth my time.What I do like this for is the fact that I can use it to put my grandsons' clothes in when we go for an overnight stay or just somewhere that we might need to take an extra change of clothes. With the zipper I can also use it to carry a change of clothes or swimwear to the gym and not have to worry about my open sided tote falling over and spilling stuff out.There is a strap for attaching to rolling luggage and a zippered pocket. I would pay close attention to the dimensions, since it appears to be larger in the photo that is shown with it, unless you see the photo with a hand in it. It is 20""x10""x10"", which does make it rather small for a travel tote - 2 or 3 sweatshirts as souvenirs would fill it up."
"love love love ..shipped quickly.package was nice.love the different sizes and my make up has never looked better, I'll not use the traditional make up applicators ever again it's brushes from here on.."
"No shedding so far, really good quality. Its a very good buy been using eco-tools for a while and i have no complaints. Wish they had a set with all the brushes."
The only thing is you should buy more than one if you are planning on doing a complete manicure with one color as the packages are small
They work. They leak when u are putting your finger in due to the suction. The only downfall is that they are really tight around the fingers so that will get a little irritating.
"I love this product!  I get so many compliments on how beautiful and radiant my skin is, it isn't even funny!  I do a very light peel twice per week(2 minute peels).  I follow my peels with Alpha Hydrox 12% Glycolic Souffle and Artra Skin Tone Cream for Oily Skin (used twice per day, every day).  Most people confuse me for being my daughter's sister or think that I""m in my 20's still.  I'm 39 ; 0)"
I love aveeno products.This lotion works really well for my dry skin and even my eczema. I put it on after I shower and hardly ever itchy or patchy after.It is a good texture. Doesn't leave my skin greasy or oily and rubs right in. I even use it on my face after I shave and I don't break out.My dermatologist recommended I use it and I am happy he did.I can't think of any negatives.
"This smells fantastic and 3-4 drops a night or on days where you aren't planning on putting any makeup on, and your face will be dewey and glow. PERFECT for the west coast when the winters are dry."
"I thought it was a great idea to combine a curling iron and a straightener! I have below shoulder length fine hair that is only very slightly wavy. So, it never really looks too nice unless I do something to it...either straighten it or curl it. So, a combination device seemed perfect for me, especially for trips. When I saw it, I thought that the whole red part heated up creating a round, hot surface AND an inside flat surface. It doesn't. It is still just the flat hot plates. What the directions say is to wind your hair once around the barrel as you slide it down to create curls. The barrel has adjustable projections that change the diameter of the barrel, but only the one part heats. So essentially you are moving the heated, flat plates down your twisted hair.I ended up with some speedbumps while trying to do the curls (I don't know what you call them, but you KNOW the little crimps I am referring to! ha ha!) I tried a few different times to go slower, but not stopping (to avoid the crimp marks.) I did end up with sort of a wave, but no curl. I also tried to wrap the hair tighter, but ended up popping in one of the diameter-changer projections. :(The device has adjustable heat on a wheel, but I don't really know what the numbers on it (15, 20, 25, 30) mean, so I just picked the middle. Also, the heat adjusting wheel is inside where the iron opens, so it is kind of hard to see in there to choose your temperature (but I suppose it helps you from inadvertently turning it while using.) My favorite part is that a light blinks until it is ready then is steady on when it is ready.I was going to give it only 3 stars because of my experience with the curl feature, but it could be that I just don't have the correct technique (using too much hair, going too fast, my hair being too long, etc.) I will keep trying to see if it is indeed MY error. I will edit this if I do figure out how to get the tighter curls like those shown on the package."
"Good quality and fast shipping , that's always a plus . I'm not so sure if it really has 2400 rhinestones but it was still a great buy , the top of the wheel is pretty easy to manuver and all the rhinestones stay in there section ."
"Read everyone else's reviews. its exactly right. Im fiar skinned ginger gal. i used to use the jergens lotion to get a color because it was the only thing that didnt make me orange. I cant tan, even if i wanted to. but this stuff, even after the first application. most amazing looking tan ever. I dont understand what voodoo magic is does to keep it from streaking but its really easy to apply and flawlessly. Buy it. youre read reviews to find out like i did. for for it"
"I am so pleased to have discovered this product! I can't get over the relief it has brought my skin. Was battling Eczema. This product not only has a pleasant smell, but it certainly improved my arms. I can finally get a good night's sleep without bailing out of bed to ""stop the itching."" This product stopped the itching and is clearing up the Eczema. Thank you, Aveeno!"
It does work.Sadly I am terrible with my hair so it doesnt get much use.I wish there was a smaller size!
"On my oily eyelids (I know I know, they say I am blessed because oily eyelids = less wrinkles), but when one ends up with raccoon eyes over and over after trying gazillion eyeliners, one tends to forget the blessings.Glad to have found it on Amazon, because all the local drug stores (no matter whether  in CA or OR, where I spend most of my time) seem to run out of this particular product first!Women must know and appreciate this wonderful eyeliner and snatch it right when it is delivered to the stores.It does require some practice to put on just right, but once I got it, I never want to go back to other eye liners.Also, as somebody else already mentioned - take care not to put it on too thick, it will then flake (well, any make up when piled up too thickly will flake.The only con that I can think of is that it thickens up before I can use all of it, but this seems to be the case with my mascaras too.  Maybe I do not use it often enough?"
"Have been using the Resurgence line for about one month with noticeably Quick and Great results. Started with the Evening Renewal kit. Immediate improvement in the color, tone and overall appearance of my face. My skin is olive tone, combination. Spent my youth adoring the sun with no protection. With this line, my skin has changed to never t-zone oily and no dry patches. Bare skin looks fresh, dewy, absolutely younger, smooth and healthy. I wear a mineral foundation and it glides on easily. I will most definitely continue using this entire line. Try it!  Tip: The Murad Vitalic Pomegrante Energizing (foam)cleanser is amazing and lasts forever!"
"I am so pleased with the results of this palette,  I highly recommend this and will be purchasing more coastal products!  You can't beat the price and results,"
"I purchased this glycerine for several uses. I use it in a homemade stamp cleaner, to refresh ink and embossing pads, and it's also great for homemade bubble solution for the kids. I'm sure there are many, many other uses for it, too. This was a good price for 16 oz. I can get the little 4 oz bottles locally, but when you find out how many uses it has, you'll want the bigger bottle... plus it's cheaper here on Amazon! It arrived with the seal intact and I've already started using it. If you do any stamping or embossing, this is absolutely a must-have. I can't believe I spent so much money on embossing pads when this stuff does the EXACT same thing for so much cheaper!"
If you bought all these in a store you would pay 10 times the amount and get half the quality. Thank you SHANY for making such great products
"I bought this before I went on vacation with the family, it was cheap!! Great brand, I love all there products.  I couldn't believe the price online versus the store."
I use this to glue on charms for my nail art. I love the convenience of the brush. Just be sure to clean the top of the bottle with acetone before you put away. It will guarantee that it won't get glued shut. And the staying power is incredible. My charms do not fall off!
"I bought this at my sister's recommendation after she had a salesperson show her this in Vegas. Unfortunately, it was the wrong product...the product she loved in Vegas was Oro (see that product for reviews), which visibly gives you a life instantly. The Gratiae product line is no better or worse than any other skin care line. It does not diminish wrinkles. At least not for me, my sister or my boss.It's a nice moisturizer, but so are the Olay products.I won't buy these again. As for the Gratiae website and the prices there -- it makes me laugh. I'm amazed at what people will buy to look younger -- me included.This just does not do what it claims. Again, other reviewers may not have much experience in other skin regimes -- I'm an addict. I'll try anything that someone tells me is wonderful. This is not wonderful. It's ordinary.Have recently ordered the product (Oro Instant Firming Serum) that made my sister squeal in Vegas, I will review it - honestly - after I give it a chance.Until then -- save your money!"
"I like it, but don't use it as often as the other brush I purchase from Ecotools b/c it's not as soft as I thought it would be.  Still a great product though."
"This product changed my life. I had dry, flaky skin and now it's perfect. I still have the occasional breakouts and some uneven tone (I already had this though) but I am very happy with this moisturizer. It smells so good! I use it religiously every morning and I follow up in the evening with Olay Regenerist Night Effects."
"I put a coat on before my nail polish, and one as a topcoat. I am typing with nails; six months ago, I would have been typing with my 'stubs'. :-)"
"Pumping the product out my hand, I notice that it is white, and thicker than a ""lotion"", yet thinner than a ""cream"". Spreading it onto my face, I am impressed by its creamy-yet fluid consistency and the easy spreadability of the product. Touching my face, I pleased with the ultra-smooth and silky feel of it. I gently wipe a little of it off my cheeks, nose and chin, because I have oily skin and don't need tons of moisture. I dab a little extra under my eyes and on the fine lines at the corners. I apply a bit of powder over the ""Primer"" for a finished look and shine reduction. I look pretty good! I touch my skin several times during the day, and it still feels wonderfully soft and smooth. I believe the lines may be less noticable, and my skin looks a bit firmer. I think I will try it again tomorrow!(BTW, I did some checking on the ingredients, and it seems that it has several silicon-based chemicals, and these make the stuff silky and slippery. They give a temporary ""plump"" look to the skin. It also has some vitamins, such as Vitamin E (tocopherol) and a couple of B vitamins. There's some extract of green tea leaves, a proven antioxidant. Also there's other stuff that moiturizes, stimulates and heals. Titanium Oxide is a white pigment. Propylparaben is a preservative. Just FYI, incase you like to know what you are putting on your face. :)"
"I cut my hair once every 6 months, so I use the three sizes to fit my hair lenght. It is amazing the effect, looks like you just went to the salon!!!"
"I love this formula , it is more moisturizing than the hand cream and with the same amazing scent that I adore . The consistency is perfect , it is not too watery like other lotions and not too heavy like the same brand's hand cream which was too thick for me .. I would have still gotten the hand cream formula for the scent alone + the quality of ingredients , yet now that I found this I will replace my cream with the lotion version.. in short PERFECTION."
"I have VERY VERY oily skin, and I have always used dry mineral makeup because of this. However, even the most expensive mineral matte powders would become oily by midday and smear about on my face and look unnatural. I would continue to use them though because liquids are to heavy and I break out from anything but powders. This stuff however, stayed matte all day and left my skin not too dry and not too moist. I also did not break out at all, and touch ups did not cake up. This also blended very well with my light skin tone without making me look unnaturally dark or like a china doll in any way. Because this was such a strange brand I had never heard of before I was worried, but I am glad I listened to the majority of positive reviews and ordered it."
I can't remember the last time my hair was this shiny after only one night of use! I love this!
"I like this moisturizer alot. It is unscented (no smell) and it is creamy and not oily.It leaves my skin soft and doesn't irritate my skin. It also doesn't make my acne worse!The bottle design is great, it opens easily, but it also seals well and stays closed, making it safe to carry in my purse"
"They work great for what they are. They are shiny, sparkly, and stay on for a reasonable amount of time."
"""Great value. Due to hormonal changes, medication & illness, my hair has been falling out, so I purchased this to help new hair growth and prevent further hair loss. So far, it seems to have prevented further hair loss but have not noticed new hair growth yet. I have dry hair and the conditioner is not good for my hair and makes my hair extra dry. But I would continue using the shampoo."""
"Before I used my new GoFresh Restore Dove Bar Soap to shower, I kept it in my lingerie drawer as a sachet for days, allowing its perfectly heavenly scent to permeate my undies. I have always liked the silky creaminess of Dove soap, but this version is an upgrade, thanks to its fragrance.I also like the soap's fresh, blue-green color. This will become my new staple, a spa-like treat at a supermarket price."
I have been using Agadir argan (great product) oil and getting too much in my hair so I ordered this to be able to spray the oil on my hair.  The oil is too thick so I added Hask Placenta (another great product) to the atomizer until it was thin enough to spray.  Now I can spray it on my brush and it helps control the amount that I put on my hair.  Really love it and hope it lasts a long time.
I've always hated trying to get tanned and paying lots of money for it too.. But when I came along this lotion I knew it was just the thing for me. I'ts super easy to apply and you get a nice tan color if you apply it nicely!
I have had these for a while now and the hair doesn't shed and they apply the makeup perfectly. Doesn't really have a eyeshadow brush but It does work great.
this product is actually better than what I thought it would be is not a very handy and all the bits work very well
"good quality brushes, very soft, all the necessary make up brushes were in the set. good price, did not shred."
"I bought this after reading a sampling of the product reviews and thought I'd give it a try despite some saying it peeled off immediately. I followed the instructions, preparing my nails by cleaning, shaping, and roughing their surface a bit, then applying the nail prep solution and got great results. It's especially important to make sure you cover the ends of your nails with it on both sides. It stays on longer that way and doesn't come off when you wash dishes. Eventually you will wear this seal off if you're as busy around the house as I am but I've managed to keep this on my nails for about two weeks without it peeling. My nails are slowly growing out after having been weak and flakey. I'm glad I got this."
Works very well to cover up gray and areas of the scalp where you want to shade in.  Need to brush over excess from your hair.
"f you're new to bleaching and you need a little kit that has everything you need then this is the kit for you, If you need to do your whole head, this will not cover everything. I recommend you get salon quality bleach at a beauty store. Also salon quality bleach is better than the manic panic one. I found at the manic panic bleach fries my hair, It literally sizzles in the tin. Bottom of the lien is, if you are only doing a few highlights or strips of hair, this is good, but if you need to bleach the whole head, get salon quality bleach and developer seperatly, otherwise this is an okay choice, gets the job done."
I love these brushes. I do my nails 1 -2 times a week and i use these everytime! they are great for cleaning the polish around your nails if you have a mess up. and they work great to mix the polish and paint it on this the smaller brushes.I gave them a 5 starr because i love this product! If you love nail art or you work with acrylics this product is for you!!I highly recommend anyone and everyone is the nail industry/hobbies buy this product I promise that you wont be disapointed!!
"Perhaps I'm not the type of girl to speak on beauty products, having to be forced to do my care and all that, but with my wash-and-go personality a hair dryer is a rather important thing and this one really impresses me.  The double fans do more than just make for impressive advertising--they are powerful and I daresay they are doing more to dry the hair than the heat does, which I believe to be a good thing.  I like the ability to adjust the power levels, and the turbo and cool settings are excellent options.  I have never dried my hair faster.  Aesthetically, this is a great-looking product that allows you see the dual fan system."
I love this scrub b/c it does what it's supposed to do- scrub away all my dead skin cells. My body is glowing and soft after use. The smell is great too. It doesnt melt as fast as other body scrubs do. I went through this pretty fast- I wish it came in even a bigger jar!
I've never been that crazy about Tresemme shampoos because I don't like the big bottles in the shower and the fragrance is kind of bleh but I've been using the Platinum strength shampoo and my hair does seem stronger and healthier. It doesn't give a sleek finish to my hair but it does have strength and bounce. It looks healthy and my hair styles well after using it.
"I read a favorable review of this Mary Kay make-up primer in a magazine.  Since I don't have a Mary Kay store/rep, I decided to order it online from Amazon.  I found that it is just as good as the magazine review indicated and I've been happily using it.  Using a tip from a make-up artist, I apply primers with a foundation brush - works much better than fingers - LOL!!"
"I don't really like pink by itself, but if you put 2 coats of this and then 1 coat of &#34;Iced Coral&#34; on top, you have a truly unique and pretty color!"
"My CHI is going on 4-5 years and its still KICKING!!! Still heats up just as BLAZING (HOT) and good as the day I purchased it!  I have no need to repurchase a new one anytime soon because my CHI shows no signs of dying!The flatiron leaves my hair super sleek, straight and beautiful!"
"After my oldest was born, I had to start budgeting more carefully. I was lamenting the fact that my lotion had gone up again in price and how body lotion was one of the last places I wanted to cut costs. My mom kept beating me over the head about how her lotion was just as good as my lotion, and how I was wasting my money on pricy toiletries. Eventually, she just gave me a bottle like &#34;try it! it's just as good!&#34;My initial feeling was that it was a little too heavy/sticky for my liking. It's not oily, but more waxy I guess you could say. All it took was someone touching my arm and raving about how soft my skin was, and I was sold. In the summer, it's a bit much for me personally, except for after exfoliating. But it's a must have for the winter months, especially if you have dry skin.The most important thing, however, is that it leaves your skin super soft. This has been my staple lotion for 12 years and counting. Ultra Healing is the one I buy most often, but all of the Curel lotions that I've tried are good."
"Great lip balm, color is great and it moisturizes my lip especially during the winter months. My only issue is that it does not last very long but perhaps thats because its not a lip stain."
This products smells really nice and helps to refresh my hair after I use the kinky curly knot today and the curling custard. Dont hesitate to buy.
"Alcohol based hand sanitizers work pretty well for colds and flu, but they do not kill norovirus. Plus they smell awful, dry out your hands, and taste bad if you eat later. They also lose effectiveness the more often you use them. This is a far better product. It does not lose effectiveness over time, it does kill norovirus, it moisturizes, it doesn't have much of a smell at all, and it doesn't taste terrible if you later eat something. I keep a bottle at my desk at all times and carry around the travel sized ones in my purse (along with wet ones). Just as a reminder though, hand sanitizer should not be used as a substitute for good hand washing unless soap and water aren't available."
"I really love the color of this eyeliner.  It is dark, so it still makes my eyes pop, but it is stll natural looking since it is not black.  I wear this almost everyday with brown mascara for a very natural look.  The penicil was thicker than I expected, but I can still form a very thin line with it after some practice.My only complaint is that it is not as smoft as I expected, though I think this helps since I am not extremely percise with it."
"I was sent the smaller 3.2 ounce axe spiked up look gel a while ago and liked it for what it is; a very strong hold design for styling and sculpting that should last hours.The larger version which despite the word NEW adorning the bottle I think is the same gel as it's smaller sibling. You don't need to use much to get a thick strong hold that feels a little plasticy but your style will last your evening of night clubbing and dancing. This isn't a soft spray, it's a gooey gel that will allow you to force your hair into any shape your mind can muster.The one thing I would add is check the price. At the time of writing, buying two of the smaller bottle is financially more sensible than getting the six ounce. Just something to keep an eye on as bigger isn't always necessarily cheaper.But the product does what it says on the bottle and I recommend it."
"This product does the best job of eliminating dry skin. I have terribly dry skin and it seemed makeup just accentuated the problem. Ive been using this product for a little over a month with fabulous results. I no longer have flakes, cracks or peeling. It has softened the lines around my mouth and has also done away with wrinkling under my eyes and between my eyes.I also have had no allergic reaction to it whatsoever and can even put a thin film of it over my upper eye lid for moisture at night without waking up with red eyes or itching, which most eye creams will cause on me. I highly recommend this product.It hydrates without feeling greasy.It has really improved the texture of my skin."
"These swatch sticks are perfect to try out a new polish and help keep track of what is in your &#34;stash.&#34; If you are anything like me you acquire new polishes and want to try them right away, but may not want to remove whatever polish you just applied. These sticks allow you to test the color and the opacity quickly and easily, and then organize them however you'd like to you can see at a glance what you have. I've already bought several additional sets so I always have a stash on hand!"
"This product was introduced to me by my hairdresser about a year ago. She has been buying it for me at her cost from the beauty supply store, so I was absolutely thrilled to find it for almost $5 cheaper and prime.I have shoulder length incredibly fine hair (though a ton of it), and use a little less than one full pump. I rub it between my hands and then finger comb it through my hair - and it has worked absolute wonders As anyone with fine hair knows, it's really easy to have problems with static, especially in the dry winter months. This has helped my hair to stay weightlessly conditioned, and incredibly soft. My husband also uses it daily in his very coarse and curly hair to keep it soft and manageable (he keeps his hair relatively short, but this makes it fantastically soft).One bottle lasts the two of us between 4 and 6 months, we use just a pump a day each. It's such an awesome product, and did I mention it smells insanely fantastic? DEFINITELY recommended!"
Nice dark color. Almost black. Goes on smoothly and evenly. I like to wear dark colors I'm the winter. Product is great.
The product is really smooth and does the work. I'm young (22 years old) so i didn't want something too strong or something. this is so age appropriate!
"The guys in my family have been cursed by crow's feet.  My brother is only a year older than me, and already his eyes are surrounded by crags and valleys.  I have decided to do battle against my own eyes before I reach that stage. So even though everything in this ""Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Moisturizer"" talks about the ladies, I figured I would give it a go.The only thing that really matters in a product like this is ""Does it work?""  And the only answer I can give is ""It seems to be working.""  I have been dutifully applying it every night, and I have noticed a reduction in the fine lines around my eyes.  Of course, it isn't magic. And I think the term ""rapid"" in the title might just be clever marketing.  I haven't been instantly transported back to pre-wrinkle days, but it does seem to be fading out some lines and holding the fort against the advancement of new ones.The application system is easy, just a few pumps a night and apply.  The bottle is small, but I am only using it on an isolated area so I think it will last for awhile.  I like the fact that it is color and odor-free.I can't promise any miracles, but it definitely works well enough that I want to keep on using it!"
"I used this to wash my body three times a week, It seems like it get rid of the dirt really dip and that makes pink ur skin. It's an ok product."
"I love that this serum incorporates Hyaluronic Acid and L-Arginine, two great ingredients for the skin. I've noticed some lightening on some acne scarring when I use this nightly. My skin has been loving this product alongside the argan oil. I rotate days when I use each one, and I could not be happier with the look and feel of my skin."
Lysol No Touch Twin Refill Kitchen System ia a great product. Refill is easy to install. Goes well with all other Lysol products. Great value for the money. Soap also works quite well. Cleans dishes really good with a minimal amount of soap. Also good as hand soap to use in the Kitchen.
"I am rating the perfume itself, not Amazon.It's perfect, that's all there is to it. While it's very hard to agree on scents in general, this one is very light, airy, feminine, and addictive. My friend sent me a bottle of it from Europe, and I guess she knows me too well. I fell in love with the scent and so did my husband.I have also found this as a gift set at TJ Max two days ago... Very reasonably priced. :)"
"When I bought this, I was very skeptical about it. I didn't believe that anything could actually repair split ends. I have long hair (it goes past my armpits about 4in) and I've always had a really hard time with split ends... I tend to get them only a little while after a haircut, which is very annoying. So, even though I was skeptical, I decided to give this a try just for kicks and giggles. Well, I was amazed at what it did to my hair... after just one use, I noticed far fewer split ends in my hair! After a few uses, they were gone entirely. My ends are also always very brittle, and now they are nice and soft. In the beginning I needed to use more than what was recommended (I used 2 pumps just for my ends alone) because my hair was just that bad, but after using it for a while, I don't need to use as much. I would definitely recommend this product... if you have problems with split ends and brittle hair, BUY IT! You won't be disappointed."
i love love love real techniques brushes!! Im buying all the brushes ... still want the others . love love love
"I purchased the shampoo here on Amazon but went elsewhere for the conditioner due to price/lack of Prime shipping option at the time. Overall, I like this stuff.I dye my hair a LOT - bright, bright colors. I use dyes that are actually DYES, they stain the hair, they are not chemical dyes with developer. Hence, they can fade very easily. Because of this, I use sulfate free shampoos, and their corresponding conditioners. For a while I was using the Everpure/Everstrong lines from L'oreal but decided to upgrade. While this costs a bit more, it's definitely a good investment. It lathers nicely, and your hair will still definitely run (that's inevitable) I find no major noticeable difference in fading for several washes, and colors last weeks before fading, and then months of being a lightened version of the original color. I enjoy this, since with cheap shampoos, faded out colors tend to just look.. gross and dingy. This provides a nice fade (however, I must attribute part of this to the fact I use good hair dye, too. :) )"
"I love this serum, it is really a &#34;genie in a bottle&#34;. It is the first Vitamin C serum that I have used that has the pump system opposed to a syringe, which I really like. It really has brightened my skin tone and left my skin hydrated and feeling healthy. It's a quality product and only takes a little so will last a while. It really leaves the face looking younger and refreshed."
"The product comes in a variety. The initial use is good. The product is holding, but its dismantling...might have have to use the next."
"However, VERY EFFECTIVE.My face is suctioned totally clean. I've tried this on my siblings and it works like a dream. Never thought I would get those blackheads off my brother's nose.Do use apple cider vinegar. Works much better. Don't bother with a super thick layer. It just takes longer to dry and is less effective. A thin layer is sufficient. Don't use metal to mix this, plastic spoons only and ceramic or plastic bowls.Your face will be red after, but should fade in an hour. At worse, it is sensitive and red for the night if you've  been regularly exfoliating all week."
I bought this at Walgreens and it is loosely packed in the container. The brush shape helps me contour a line in my cheek bone and then flip it sideways to blend. After reading these reviews I wouldn't trust this seller but go to your favorite drug store and give this product a try. I also have a blush from them and both show up amazingly well on my skin.
"I Love this Youthful Advantage 4-n-1 Beauty Travel Spa Set W/ Case. Facial Brush i love how simple it is to use, and how it leaves my skin feeling so Refreshed. i always wanted a Brush like this. and i'm so very Glad that i finally took it upon myself to try one! and let me share how very please i am! Now i can pampered myself when ever i feel like, and in my own home! now how sweet is that??? : ) this wonderful Brush does a lot for your skin. leaving it looking so Radiant,And Soft! Improves overall skin tone and Deeply cleaning skin.  Thanks!  : )"
"The last few weeks, my daughter and I have been using this product frequently, except we began with the unscented, which was excellent. In the last few days, we have tried the Green Apple scented, which has a light fragrance. As with the unscented, we have had no redness, or skin irritations, and we use it frequently. We both have extremely dry skin, and this Hand Soap is very gentle. In addition, we have skin allergies, but have had no reactions. We love this product, and use it a great deal. The foam has a cooling sensation, and we are happy that we can use it frequently, without any additional skin problems. We will continue use, and make sure we have a good supply in the house. Highly recommended!"
"I absolutely adore Sweetsation products. My passion for skincare lead me to become a licensed esthetician, and the search for a perfect product continued.I'm so happy I came across Sweetsation products on Amazon! From the texture, to the scent, to the ingredients - I couldn't find anything I didn't like about it.The eye cream feels very light, yet effective. Goes on very smooth and just like the rest of their products - smells really nice. I saw results the first morning after using it the night before, I ran to my husband shouting from excitement ""Look at my face! It's glowing!"" And he smiled at me agreeing that my face really looked beautiful.I do plan on renting a salon booth to do facial services, and I for sure would trust and choose to use their products on my clients!You HAVE to try it for yourself!~Love, Gintare."
"The guard is wonderful, and if you have fine hair it's a bonus not to scorch yourself. The heat is great, finally someone understands how much heat it takes to straighten stubborn hair. Thanks"
"Its sparkly, but a little more pale than I had anticipated.  Had to put several coats on before it looked more than just sheer.  But its nice when you're going for subtle."
"Words cannot describe how much I LOVE this hair dye. I've been looking for this type of color for months now and came across it on youtube. I originally tried the Ion Color Brillance hair color. It was nice but to get the color I wanted I had to mix two colors. The pink I mixed with it ended up showing up more and it faded faster. Make sure this is a color you're okay being stuck with for awhile. It says in the directions that it cannot be lifted with bleach or anything else. No wonder it's for professionals.Things I love:-doesn't wash off a lot in the sink. the Ion dye almost ruined my bath tub. this barely even washed out-more of a stain and not a dye which means it'll last longer and won't bleed-Vibrant and bright-doesn't take long to stick to hair-doesn't have to be mixed with anything-it is a true purple. no blues or pinks are showing up-bright bright BRIGHT!!!!You do have to be careful or you'll be whatever color your using for awhile. I would not wash his out with your full body in the shower. I do have African American, previously dyed black hair. So I did have to bleach my hair previously. If i didn't do that then I don't think the color would be as bright and vibrant. Overall I love this color it now has my heart.UPDATE!!!!So it's been over two months and I'm still in love with this dye. it did however turn all my brushes purple. It, also, washed out in the shower every time I conditioned my hair, but each time the color got better and better. I received many compliments on it. I just tried manic panic and I love that, also. Again I would not wash this out in a bathtub that is white. I have spots that I'm still trying to get the purple out."
"This is a great product. Great moisturizing, easy to use. Only takes a small amount. Softens lines and wrinkles, and lightens under eye circles. Younger looking eyes, softer lines etc... after about 1 month of daily use for me. Highly recommend!"
"This scent is uplifting, at least to me. It has decent longevity, and is a bargain at this price. Wish they had the EDP."
I like these gummies and I &#34;think&#34; I can tell a difference in my hair and nails since using them. My hair does seem to be growing faster. It's easy to grab these on my way out in the mornings. The taste could be better.
These are great for touch ups when you start to shin mid-day. I LOVE a matte look so I used these twice a day. I use between 2-3 sheets each time. One star off because they need to redesign the envelope; it doesn't hold the sheets securely at all.
"I bought this not expecting a very good quality (since it was only 13 dollars. I must say though that after I washed it out, it HAS made a difference in my hair. It got rid of the frizz and helped straighten a little, but very little.I want to give this 5 stars but I cant, the smell after you straighten it out is awful!It was so awful I had to wash it out in 24 hrs, I couldn't take wait 48 hrs, it smells like burnt coconut.I don't know if anyone else experienced this but the product flaked in my hair while I was waiting the 30 minutes. All in all I  will recommend because for 13 dollars it can help, I'm sure if you leave it in for 48 hrs you will get even better results than I did."
"Bought this product to try out for the first time.  Have not been using consistently like I would like.  BUT when I do use it, it seems to do the trick!  Dries annoying zits/pimpes and even brings to surface like blackheads.  I would recommend this product!"
"I ended up getting the wrong palette shade so I ordered the cool palette which I was able to better match my skin color. The warm palette was too dark and although you can mix and match these, I just couldn't get the right match as I needed a more &#34;redness&#34; thrown in to make it work....and that was only on the cool palette. But the quality of this foundation is super, a little goes a long way and I prefer this to liquid as I find it stays on my face a lot longer and better. I have oily skin but this hasn't caused me any breakouts, works great as a concealer as well. Coverage is excellent and I can wear this makeup all day long without any problems. Little pricey, but I will only buy the colors that I really use (which is 3-5 off the palette), as I don't use the whole palette, so it should cut the cost down in the future. This is a great cost saving alternative to more expensive makeup that pros use."
"I bought this a long time ago (I'm talking 5+ years), but stopped wearing makeup while I was in grad school.  Kept the bottle around, though, in the back of my linen closet.  I got contact lenses earlier this year and started playing around with eye makeup again.  I opted for waterproof mascara and eyeliner because I have to use eye drops for my contact lenses periodically throughout the day and I didn't want my makeup to run.  However, that meant that I had to start using makeup remover to get the eye makeup off at the end of the day.Well, I went digging through my linen closet and found this.  It had separated into two layers, but I shook it up until the layers mixed, poured a little on a Kleenex, and tried it out.  It still worked very well; it successfully removed eyeliner, mascara, and eye shadow (including eyelid primer).  I didn't have to use a whole lot.One thing I really like about this product is that it is so gentle when used around my eyes.  I've used other eye makeup removers that were a bit astringent, for lack of a better word, and they made my eyes water.  Not this one.  I have even used this while my contact lenses were still in with no trouble whatsoever.  It doesn't leave an oily residue on my face afterwards, either.This is a little pricey, but it's so effective (and it has such a long shelf life), that I'm definitely going to be keeping some on hand."
"This is a pretty unique bottle, it fits well in your (wet, soapy) hands while in the shower and  the design give it a trendy almost upscale feel.The top has a button that, when pressed opens a small hole that allow for easy dispensing, its as if  they did not want the whole bottle to dispense if you  drop it in the shower).....whatever!.... it is a clever design and works very well!Love the smell of this stuff, it is fairly strong going on but but the time I get to my first meeting it seems to tone down to just about right! It leaves me with a nice fresh feeling that lasts until after lunch at least (depending on the humidity here in deep south Texas)I am really enjoying this gel and a little goes quite a long way which means it will last  longer. A good buy!"
"I love Vera Wang's Princess. However, it is too expensive. I normally find name brands for close to if not more than 50% off. I went to look in Big Lots, and they only have the .8 oz bottles. It smells really good, just like the real thing. I don't  really like to buy knock-offs unless I really like the brand first. Even then, they have to at least make an effort to smell the same.This does have staying power. I put it on at 10 last night, and it is almost 8 am. The .8 oz does not come with a lid, but there is a piece on the bottle that if you twist it, it will lock. Just untwist and spray. It is a flirty, yet clean scent. I will continue to look around to find the bigger bottle of this. But until then, I am just fine with using the mini."
"I like its package, very different from other vitamin C serums. Since its cobalt blue bottle minimizes light exposure and also pump applicator is nice and easy to pump without air exposure.It is not greasy at all and it absorbs very fast.As a result, it brightened my skin tone after two weeks, no itching or breaking out  !I'm excited to see its long term results!http://www.amazon.ca/Best-Vitamin-Serum-Beautifies-Face/dp/B00KOC4ZU0"
"The Infinitipro 2 inch spin air brush by Conair  purports to change the way you style your hair because it has 100 times more ions than most brushes. The claim is that ionic conditioning gives hair maximum shine.  Conair claims the Infinitipro's ""ceramic heat"" dries evenly without damaging hair. It provides low and high heat and no heat settings. The brush can spin in either direction or not at all.Regarding ionic conditioning, after daily usage for a week, I noticed no difference in the shine of my hair. Ionic conditioning seems to be real in that I ended up with much the same look as I do when using my regular conditioners and hair shine products.Using the rotating brush function took some getting used to, but by day three I had it down and was able to alternate back and forth between the buttons that control the spin direction. The drying function performed great and did so at a lower noise level than my regular dryer. Also, I can see this combo brush / dryer design being a boon to people with limited mobility.Regarding limited mobility, I am thinking specifically of a friend of my mother's that has full use of only one hand. For her, this would make a great gift. My niece would probably love this thing too since her cell phone seems to be a attached to one hand at all times.At the end of the one week trial, I found that using the mechanized brush / dryer took more dexterity and required more thought than it was worth. I found the Infinitipro 2 too mechanical for my liking. Plus, the price is really high in comparison to what I paid total for my last dryer and brush.This styler could be the greatest hair invention ever, but I think I might be that proverbial old dog that cannot learn new tricks. Young pups just becoming familiar with styling their own hair could very well find using this appliance easier to learn, but unless a specific reason required me to abandon my normal routine, I would not consider this appliance to have superior functionality.In general, I prefer what I am used to unless I can realize a significant benefit from changing. For me, that benefit was not there and I have gone back to the old fashioned blow dryer and brush method. That said, overall, I am rating this high for having a solid design, for functioning as promised and for providing another styling option."
I love the smell and ingredients in this cream! It does help to rebuild collagen in the breasts. It helps to firm them as well. The price was great and the shipping was fast! I really like this cream. Ive been told that it works wonders for stretch marks as well.....I recommend this cream to anyone who wants to firm up...
"I love this brush! It is very firm, smells great, exfoliates effectively,  and seems sturdy enough to hold up over time. Great price, great buy!"
great blending brush for the price... def worth getting this rather than the mac one which is much more expensive
"Good hair dryer, now it takes about 15 min to fully dry my thick long hair----much better than those cheap ones I used before. Also, it won't be too hot to damage your hair. The only drawback is that it's on the heavy side."
l can see the differents in the look there more straight and l dont struggle to put my lashes on this is a must item
Love Olay products. Can't beat the price
"I have been using the shampoo, conditioner and mask and my hair is the healthiest I have seen it in a very long time!"
There is not a lot to say about a brush except that it does what it is suppose to and I don't use it all the time.
This cream is very good for me. After 3 weeks of using I was very happy because I got the result I want. I can raise up my hand without being concern with my underarm. I will definitely recommend it to a friend. Oops by the way I stop using it because I am satisfied with the result already and I still have half the amount of the tube.
"This is my first time using this product, I was a little wary given the negative review but... it has done wonders for my hair. I have a ton of very fine hair that is wavy/curly if it air dries and straight if I blow dry it. This stuff is a miracle. It gives my hair body and shine. It does not weigh it down at all nor does it look greasy. It allows for a smooth straight look or if I want I can go curly and this product holds the shape and body all day long. My hair always feels soft and natural, like I have no product in at all. It does not dry out my hair either. I have no complaints!"
I love Revlon lipsticks.  It's always high quality lipstick.  Also an amazing color selection.  I would buy again when I run out. :)  :)
This product works like most other shave gels I've tried. It does a great job of helping the razor glide over your face and give you a nice smooth shave. It does have a good scent and works like it is supposed too. It is a little pricey though as there are others that work just as great and cost less.
The plate images are crisp and fun. We are a household of musicians so this plate was a no brainer! Love it! I use an old credit card so I do not scratch the plate up with the scraper!
"This products does what it says.  Drys Fast.  Put it on, in a few seconds, your nails are DRY.  I would not be without this product, and pricing is great on-line.  Would not be without this product."
"I purchased this shea butter to use on my hair and skin. This was my first time purchasing shea butter, but from everything I've researched about shea butter (I researched for months before I decided to make a purchase), the shea butter sent to me by the currently-listed seller, smellgood, is the real deal! What I received is exactly what is pictured in the product listing's picture. It is a whitish/yellow-tinged butter. The color was very important to me. I didn't want the butter to be stark white, as that indicates that it's refined and has lost some of the properties that make shea butter so amazing. I also didn't want the butter to be deep or mustard yellow, either, because I believe that this kind of butter is either Kpagnan butter/African butter (which is often sold here in the West as ""Yellow Shea Butter"") or shea butter that contains dyes or other additives. Not what I'm looking for! The color of the shea butter I received gives me confidence that it is true, unrefined shea butter (though there's no way to know if it's truly ""organic"" as claimed, since it isn't certified organic).I was especially happy to see that my butter came in a plastic container. After reading many of the reviews on other shea butter listings, I was expecting to receive a big lump of butter in a plastic bag, which is pretty tacky if you ask me, since storing it that way can be messy due to the fact that it starts melting at a certain temperature. I can store this shea butter in the container in which it arrived. I was also very happy with the quality of the shea butter itself. Based on the comments of other reviewers of shea butter, I was prepared to smell a somewhat stinky, nutty scent when I opened the container, but the smell didn't actually bother me. It smells mildly of Play-Doh or crayon. My niece said it smelled like dog treats. Either way, while it's not a pleasant scent, I don't think it stinks, either.The texture of the butter is very grainy in its natural state, but it melts very quickly when it comes in contact with skin (I've had it melt right on my fingertip) and leaves it feeling very moist and nourished! Once it's on the skin, it does feel greasy/oily at first, but it eventually absorbs completely into the skin and leaves no residue. The scent also fades and becomes very faint on the skin. (Note: The key to avoiding greasy/oily skin with shea butter is to avoid being heavy-handed. A little goes a long way). I do not use the shea butter alone, though. I make it into a cream using carrier and essential oils, which I then use as a skin and hair cream. (I use it on my face, as well. Shea butter is not comedogenic and ranks 0 on a scale of 0 to 5 - with a ranking of 0 meaning that a substance will not clog pores). I was already using oils on my hair and skin, but the addition of the shea butter has certainly made both my hair and skin more moist, supple, and soft. I will be coming back for this shea butter for as long as the quality continues!"
"I love this product.  I hate the stiff and sticky feeling of a lot of the hair products I've tried.  This takes away my frizz and makes my curly hair curlier, and leaves my hair feeling like my regular hair.  Pomegranate is the mildest of the Wen scents, so it's my favorite.  Since switching to Wen products a few years ago, my hair has become thicker, less frizzy, and much healthier."
"I love this because there is no bronzer so it won't stain your clothes. Nice, soothing mild coconut smell. Moisturing too."
"This stuff is the holy grail. I too use it on my armpits and it's the only thing that works, and it works FAST. Only a few days to start seeing results. I love the fact that it's all natural with no harmful ingredients. I wish I could buy stock in this company because I know these folks are making a boatload of cash. I wanted to try the lotion too, but it has toxic ingredients, so I don't know what they were thinking there. In any case, I'm glad Amazon is now selling these at a discount for a 3 pack. I keep a few tubes on hand, especially since the summer is rolling around!"
I loved this glue. It held all day and was very comfortable. Plus I love the black eyeliner look! Just love this stuff! And it was easy to remove with olive oil and didn't destroy the false eyelashes!
item is fantastic when used alone or blended with another color...got sooo many compliments..love it and for the price you can't go wrong...
"I have tried just about everything- and I mean EVERYTHING (I worked in skincare for several years and was able to try hundreds of products for free)- and this is the one and only thing that 1) made any difference whatsoever on my pitted acne scarring (and a big difference at that)2) kept me from breaking out ONCE regardless of time of month or what I used on my face3) refined large pores and evened tone on my faceI couldn't believe how much it turned my skin around. I had redness, uneven tone, pitted scars and at least five or six blemishes at all times and after day two of using it, I had far less blemishes and less redness. By week two I had less scarring, smaller pores and no blemishes whatsoever. I have to say I've had NO issues with the quality of the product and I've used it every single day for two months. It still rolls just as well as it did the first time and it doesn't snag on skin at all. Works like new for me! The person who had problems with it probably just got a defective one, but neither of the two I've ordered have given me or my husband any problems."
"It shipped super fast, was packaged well so that it didn't leak and has professional labeling that makes it great for gift giving as well! It left my skin feeling super soft and helped to clear up stubborn cystic acne that I suffer from!"
"This product works as well as people say it does. excellent for very dry hair. Restores the moisture and life in your hair. My hair is heat and chemically damages, but this product really made a difference after using it only twice. It's now part of my routine daily."
"Lightweight, controls frizz and fly-aways without weighing hair down for shiny, satin-smooth hair. I go to the hair salon once a week for a wash and blowout. the next 5 days I will use about about a thimble of creme, rub into my palms and smooth over my hair, after combing or brushing, and it looks salon fresh again."
"I am not African American but have very straight thin blond hair. It tangles very easily- -This leave in conditioner does a great job after the shower, doesn't weigh my hair down and the comb easily goes through my hair. I apply normal mouse and product on top. A very nice product"
All of my friend's an coworkers love the color  I like my color its great it don't chip and it don't come off so easy ethier
The never fail good old soft and full still thickens and darkensNs my lashes better than any other mascara I've used.
"I am generally a huge Neutrogena fan and use many skin care products of this brand, and the Healthy Skin Enhancer has now become one of my favorites!The tint is only very light, so this is not to cover scars or any other skin perfections, but it gives my skin a nice ""glow"" when I put it on in the morning. When I get up in the morning, I usually look tired, no matter how long I slept, and especially when I am not tanned, it's worse. This product leaves a very smooth sensation on your skin, and it's just the perfect combination of a light tint and skin moisturizer. I use it every day and I think I am addicted to it ;)"
"I've always used Hope in a Jar and absolutely love it.  One day I decided to try using it as a hand cream because I wanted something to absorb quickly and yet leave my hands really soft and it worked great.  I was super happy to find Hands of Hope because it works just as nicely as Hope in a Jar does.  It absorbs right away, has a nice neutral smell and my hands are comfortably soft all day long. I keep it in my desk drawer and apply a little each time I wash my hands and my hands are never too slippery like with some other hand lotions I've used at work before.  It's great as a daily cuticle cream too.  Highly recommended."
"This shampoo lathers well, gives off a pleasant, neutral scent, and rinses clean.  It's also gentle enough for everyday use, even for color-treated hair.  While it's difficult to differentiate between most shampoo products to any tremendous degree, this is one that I could see myself buying in the future."
I love these new plates!  All the improvements are great and I love that they listened to their customers.  I also had great customer service.  There were some issues with a few plates so I contacted the seller.  There was a personal email already waiting in my inbox when I closed the browser after filling out the form.  The sent replacement plates out right away and I didn't have to send the old plates back either.  Nice!
"Ive been using the sigma f80 for almost a year now and loved it. Then i saw so many people raving about this brush, which is half the price of sigma f80. I decided to give it a shot. I am so in love with the finish this brush gives me, i never reach for my sigma brush anymore. The brush is very dense but also so soft! It blends out foundation to a wonderful airbrushed finish. I cant believe i waited so long to try these brushes. Ive had it for about 2 months now and wash it regularly. I havent seen any shedding and it always goes back to its orginal dome shape. If you are on the fence about this product i say GO FOR IT!"
"This is my first brush set and I must say I'm very happy with this purchase. I use the powder and blush brushes daily, prefer to apply foundation with my fingers but I like having a good quality brush just in case. The eyeshadow brushes allow me to create different looks with the Coastal Scents eyeshadow palette I bought. I'm so in love with the eyebrow grooming brush, especially since the fine tooth comb is metal. I use it to separate my eyelashes after applying mascara. I would've given this set 5 stars if it wasn't for the light shedding of the powder brush. I washed and conditioned before use as recommended but it still sheds a little. I would recommend this product to friends. Can't wait to get their 22 piece set!"
I like Vaseline Total Moisture Cocoa Body Lotion.  It has a nice light cocoa scent that is not over powering.  It provides moisturizing without being sticky or greasy. I would recommend this one and will certainly continue to use it.
"I will be buying more, but it will be awhile before I do, because you get 500 nails...that rocks. I been doing so many designs with them, and I don't feel bad when I mess up...cause it 500 nails yay. Shipping was fast..I'll buy again."
I love using it on my lacefront wigs they make them nice and shiny not like the sprays that I use to use love it I can carry it in my purse everywhere also on my real hair when I wet it or flat iron makes my hair shiny and managable.
For natural black hair it gves a natural curl and beautiful shine at the same time.  Love it.I would recomend this to anyone thats going natural
"This is a sweet but spicy amber, and has reasonable staying power.  It's a nice size for my purse, and a smooth feeling while applying."
"You need to work quickly with it. It has a mousse-like finish and feels greasy initially, but once it dries down it's no longer shiny. My boyfriend and I use this daily. It's worth the price"
"Within 5 days of starting to use this lotion on my upper body I see a drastic reduction of the little red bumps that have plagued the backs of my upper arms for 30+ years. Overall my skin is softer and smoother to the touch, and appears more youthful.  I think I still need something even strong for the backs of my hands, but over all I am extremely happy with the product.It does sting a little when it first goes on after a shower, but so worth it.  There isn't really any fragrance so it doesn't compete with my perfume, and it absorbs quickly enough that I can apply it, put on my makeup in the morning and then get dressed without feeling like it's rubbing off on my clothes.I'm so impressed I started using it on my feet/legs this week....sandal weather is almost here!"
"I like stronger perfumes and I must say that this scent definitely matches my expectations of what a perfume should smell like.I first sprayed it on a piece of paper and liked the smell. I also sprayed some on my wrist.After I came home, I couldn't stop smelling my wrist...because it smelled so good!!! It definitely smells much better on the skin than a piece of paper they useto spray on testers. This perfume is really expensive... and I compare it to one of my favourite perfumes YSL Parisienne.Highly recommend."
"**I ended up giving the product away because it made my hair break at one point. I think it was the protein in it. I AM protein sensitive and when I realized this, I knew I couldn't continue to use it. Hopefully this review helps those who can use protein like that.I have 3c/4a coils.I've known about this creme for ages but finally took the plunge to try it out. And WOW, I was hooked on this after my first use!I use it as a moisturizing creme on clean hair and for daily moisture. I focus on the length of my hair and then especially my ends. I use about a nickel sized amount per section of hair. All I can say is that my hair was very soft and shiny and moisturized. My twists were beautiful and then when I took them down I was even more impressed.It is a light pale green creamy texture, especially when applied to the hands and emulsified. It melts into the hair. It is a light, pleasant fruit scent that does not linger and is not loud or very strong to the nose (I am fragrant sensitive)."
"GREAT for fine hair, The best hairspray I have ever used. Makes my hair thicker and doesn't cause tangles. I hope this product will be on the market forever!"
"I use this hair mask as a conditioner for the last couple of years now. It does a great job for me. I have a very oily scalp (dandruff), thin , fuzzy and curly hair. I use a very tiny amount in shower, keep it on for a couple of minutes and rinse. It doesn't wear my hair down and doesn't leave a oily residue after my hair is dry. It smells very nice. I tried many many other conditioners when using this one , none of them was comparable. Only a tiny amount is enough for all my hair so 6 oz lasts very long time. Great deal, highly recommended."
"Lotion is very light and absorbs well into the skin.  I use as an aftershave and skin lotion.  I do shave the old noggin, and this works much better than Bald Guyz or anything else I've tried to date.  Rather large size and a good value, bought two and have used for about a month now.  Will reorder."
I swear by this wonderful purple shampoo! It gets rid of brassy tones in your hair! I shampoo one time and the second I leave sitting on my hair for several minutes. Suggestion~~use a really good conditioner after~~
I've never used this brand before. This is better than I thought. It works well with my skin. I like this foundation. Good product.
"I purchased this as an additional treatment to the other Karite products I already have.  I love this product line.  I wasn't sure I had made a wise purchase initially but after a couple of uses I think it's helping to make my hair softer and more manageable.  I've noticed that I don't have to use my flat iron everyday which is an added benefit.  This is a ""shaker"" bottle and takes a little effort to get the product out so be careful around the edges you don't get it in your eyes."
"I was planning on giving 3 stars to this straightener, but my hair really did look great after using it, so it does deserve 4 stars. I've used many of the higher end straighteners ($100 and up) over the years - Solano Sapphire, CHI, FHI, GHD, etc.) - and I was impressed that a cheaper straightener worked just as well, if not better, than my favorite CHI iron. My hair is about 3 inches below my shoulders, and very thick; this Wahl Pro straightener was just the right width, and worked very well on my coarser hair.PROS:- very good value for the money- works well on long, thicker hair- can easily control the temperature (I used the highest, 410 degrees)- heats up quickly, cools down quickly as wellCONS:- the design is not ideal; there is a small space between the plates and the handle, and my hair got caught several times- I found the comb/conditioning strip attachment useless. The comb attachments just snagged my hair, the conditioning strip did nothing at all. I saw no difference between using the conditioning strip and not using it.- If you do choose to use the conditioning strip, it's an added expense because you have to keep buying refills."
These makeup brushes are really good quality and I love the color of them.  The case is pretty good too!
"I have had stretch marks for as long as I could remember. I experienced a rapid growth spurt when i was 12, I grew about 1 whole foot. Ever since then my skin has never been the same.I have tried many products:Cocoa Butter: is greasy and does nothing but moisturize, did not help at allShea Butter: helped a tad bit, but not a huge improvementDerma Roller: seemed to be working, but was too painful to keep of the treatmentsMederma: helped more, but very slowly and was super expensiveRevitol: very expensive, helped someThis is the first product that has a soft smell and seriously works my stretch marks. It has a creamy whipped texture and a little goes a long way. I have noticed a big change in my skin, and I hope with this product there will be a day I will have zero stretch marks. I plan to repurchase soon!"
This product is wonderful. I use it in conjunction with Semi Di Lino Diamante Products. This leave-in product is especially great for the edge/hairline to keep it moisturized. My hair feels nice and soft when I use it. The best part is that it does not clump or leave any residue like other products that I've used. It is A LOT better than any Mixed Chicks or Nexxus products that I have used in the past. I highly recommend trying the smaller size before buying this large size if you have any doubts. Products work differently depending on your hair type.
"Nice moisturizer, under makeup, I also use Olay regerist serum, underneath the cream. It works well, and has SPF too."
"I'll never buy bobby pins at the store again. Why pay $4 for a pack of 60 when I can get this giant tub that will last forever? Plus, instead of having a flimsy piece of cardboard to store them on, I can just toss them back in the plastic tub and worry less about losing them. I saw a few other reviewers say that they didn't think these were great quality but I've had no problems with them. I use them pretty much every day and although my hair is short now, even when it was very long and curly they worked just fine."
"My mom bought this for me when I was in college, and I have been using it since then. It's been more than 8 years, and it's still going strong with no end in sight. I can't believe it's lasting this long with the amount of use it's had! Its quality is unmatched. I've tried other irons that my friends own, and nothing compares.It does get very hot, so I make sure to keep it out of reach of my children. This is good, though, because it has enough heat to do the job quickly and effectively. It heats up quickly, which is a definite plus. At first I was worried that the heat might damage my hair, but that hasn't happened. I take it on trips (in my carry on so I'm never without it!) and unpack it as the first thing when I get home so it will be good to go when I need it.My mom has one, and so does my sister. Both have lasted as long as mine. I will definitely buy another one of these when (or IF!) mine ever bites the dust."
"I like this mascara, is the first time that I use this brand, It works but is really hard to remove, I use Clinique take off the day and it solves everything. Your lashes looks great with this mascara."
"Fragrant and smooth, this conditioner really goes on smooth and leaves your hair feeling great and smooth.  Very nice.  I have thin, fine hair.  It's made to be used with the shampoo of the same brand, but, I used it with another brand of Shampoo and it worked just as well.  If you are a fan of the Suave brand, this conditioner works really well."
I absolutely love this concealer.  I never imagined a powder concealer could work so well...It goes on nicely and lasts all day without caking up.  great for red ar dark spots.  I use the bisque OVER my bare minerals foundation then the mineral veil and a little of the warmth poweder for a little natural-looking color.  Im a huge fan of bare minerals!
I use Revlon Colorsilk all the time. I wish I could have more of the conditioner because that conditioner is a life saver to my hair. That goes for all types of hair dyes though. Came out almost black but as i washed a few times it is at a perfect deep dark brown.
"I purchased four of Hollywoods Acne products the Hollywood acne treatment cream,  the acne treatment wipes, the face wash/acne cleanser and the sunscreen for my daughter who is starting to go through puberty and has been starting to have some minor issues with her skin...I have to say we are both very pleasantly surprised and how this product works - it has reduced her breakouts and doesn't dry out her skin...very happy and will continue to use - highly recommend!"
I received this order in a very short amount of time and the quality is what I have come to expect for my clients.  The price was excellent for the amount of cuticle oil!!  Well worth the buy.
This argan oil is so luxurious. I couldn't believe the quality of this container of argan oil when it arrived. It arrived timely also.
"I always use perfume with rose tone. This one is also a great buy, really chic, sophisticated, yet not too bold.I get many compliments when wear this, this is the one."
You need a very small amount of this product to do it's job. It's great! It arrived on time and in good packaging.
"This conditioner is really thick, and like many deep conditioning products, when you first put it on your hair it feels like it won't be enough, and that it won't cover all the hair. After a few minutes it ""softens"" some, though still never felt fully distributed, even after I rubbed it through again. After the first few uses I concentrated on the ends only, which worked well. My hair was soft and I liked this better than some other brands I had also tried, but there were still some fly-aways and not much frizz control if it was humid that day. The smell was great, I loved how it rinsed out almost completely. I have really thick hair with about 35% grey, and I think someone with less grey or hair that isn't so thick would get better use out of this brand."
This spray doesn't make you look younger but it really does make your makeup stay on all day even in heat and humidity!! I love it!!
Harmony products are wonderful and I will continue to order them. The colors are wonderful as well. You cannot go wrong with this product line.
"these tips are real nice they aren't cheap felling (does that make sense?) they don't bend easily they stay on good, i used the cheap glue at walmart,, i like them!"
"Monoi Tiare Tahiti is coconut oil that has tropical gardenia flowers steeped in it, and sometimes other ingredients, like vanilla or sandalwood or other flowers. It is used as a cosmetic moisturizer. It's not mysterious, but it is exotic.Since it's almost 100% coconut oil, it's very greasy. It will solidify below 70 deg F, but is easy to soften by soaking the bottle in warm water. If it gets a gunky white layer, this is just still-hardened oil. Shake the bottle to mix.The gardenia (and/or vanilla) are very strong in this product. You will smell strongly of flowers if you use it. Some people like it, some don't. Oh, all those tropical flowers attract bees and wasps. So use cautiously if you're going to be outside.It makes a fairly inexpensive unusual girly gift."
"Aveen Clear Complexion is the first moisturizer I've ever used, and I have to say it did not disappoint. I've never used many products to improve my skin, but I will definitely keep this in my stash now!I never had problem skin in high school, but once I hit college I just started having a lot of breakouts from high stress and poor eating habits. I finally found a daily facial wash that worked well and didn't completely dry out my skin (causing me to break out more!), but the combination of new skin wash and this moisturizer are what ultimately cleared up my skin.No more redness, and I've had one breakout in the last two weeks since using this. It really makes your skin look even and clear!"
"Tried this eye studio color tattoo cream gel and love it.  It lasts for a long time and has a natural, light, creamy appearance, or just pure color instead of a powder.  Powders tend to emphasize lines more, it seems, while this is a younger look.  Haven't seen cream gels for eye shadows, so was delighted to find this.  It stays on your eyelid for longer than a powder."
"Very nice fresh rose scent. I think it would work well as a room spray, skin spritzer, or linen water."
"I received a sample of this product when I stayed at a spa and loved it.  When my husband saw it in the bathroom, he wanted to try it too.  (My husband is a very manly man)  One of his guy friends told him about how well it works without leaving the skin sticky or smelling like a girl.  Olay might be surpsised to find out they have a lot of guys using this and recommending it.I like it because it does a great job of moisturizing, doesn't conflict with my perfume and it seems to be faster than applying lotion after my shower.I've had a hard time finding it at my local stores.  After my sample ran out, I went to three or four before I finally located it at Albertson's.  I'm glad to know I can also purchase it from Amazon."
"Although the directions say that benefits can take up to 4 weeks to see, I have been faithfully using my Even Glow Serum for 10 days and can already easily see results! My skin is noticeably tighter and the fine lines (especially around my eyes) are far less noticeable.This is a great value for the money (only $35). I have used lmore expensive products and Even Glow stands up even to the priciest ones.And, I especially love that it's all natural and contains Vitamin C, which is SO good for the skin. Plus, it smells sbsolutely wonderful (unlike a few products I have tried... and disgarded after only a few uses).Overall, for efficacy, price, and appeal, a 5 out of 5 stars!"
"Somehow I taught my hair to be washed every day and so I went for many many years. Now I have been changing my ways and that is why I decided to try various dry shampoos. It isn't good for your hair to be washed daily, hair forgets how to stay clean on its own. Before I started using dry shampoo, I was able to go 2 days with not washing. I mean, I'd wash it...go for a day, then 2nd day was rough, I had to really work on making it look somewhat decent, tie it up etc. Then I started using dry shampoo the 2nd day. Slowly I was able to go to 3 days. Now on the 2nd day I don't use anything...just style it. On the 3rd day I use this dry shampoo and usually tie it up or something, in a bun....or brade a scarf in it and tie it in a bun....I have my ways :). What I love about this shampoo is that is almost goes on clear.....at least at first. Then you have to shake it so it doesn't become powdery. And the smell is so wonderful!!!!! It doesn't choke your senses, very subtle and dissipates quickly. So far I wash my hair every 3 days and love it. Doing this dry shampoo stuff will not save you time, believe me, but it will save your hair :) won't dry it out.  I still can't go without washing it for 5 days like I have read in some reviews :) this is a very very slow process if you are used to washing your air every day. Your hair will be very cranky."
"I have been using this for months now, and it is my favorite oil to use on my face, daily. I don't use it under my makeup, I use it after cleansing and removing my makeup.  I use all kinds of organic oils for body and hair care.  Castor and coconut for hair, rose hip for face, hemp and olive for body, flaxseed for inside.. well, you get the idea.)  Rosehip oil has a high natural vitamin a content, retinol, which is fantastic for all facial skin problems.  Twice to three times a week, in the evening, I also apply a bentonite clay and organic milk mix facial mask, leave on for twenty minutes, wash off and apply this rosehip oil to my skin.  It's just amazing, and the oil does not irritate my face at all, which is prone to breakouts.  Customer service is also excellent, you can tell that they care about the products they are sending out.  I do usually order directly from the Nuriva website, as the prices are usually better than here.  The oil goes on smooth, and has a plantlike scent.  I absolutely love love love it.  When you are done applying it to your face, use the extra on your hands and smooth it on the backs of your hands, an area usually neglected.  I try to apply it several hours before bed, because I want to enjoy all of the benefits, without giving it all to the pillowcase!  I also store mine in the refrigerator, because it does last for some time, and I store many of my organic oils in the fridge."
"Excellent product, as the title claims, it makes your skin feel very soft, as silk (not velvet!)  I tried another brand, which sells for over $40 and is supposed to be one of the very best, and this DHC primer has it beat by a mile! Don't waste your money and if you want a good primer, this product will definitely do the job.  It did not clog my pores and was very helpful in avoiding getting my makeup into some acne scars which has always been a problem.  Will definitely purchase again."
I absolutely love Gelish polish. Their colours are always so pretty. This colour is a sheer glittery bronze colour so you would have to do many coats to get it to look like swatch in the picture. I tend to use the sheer glitter colours as a topper over complimentary colours. Right now I have this colour on top of two coats of Taupe Model and the effect is stunning. I would buy this colour again.
"I received this as a sample and at first used it as a concealer under makeup.. I saw nothing.. Then after forgetting to apply for a few days, I put it on over my makeup..  Apparently this did it, my eyes look so much brighter .. I even tried a little on my brow bone for added light..  Not sure if this is the correct way to use but for me, I love it"
"Great shine even for a not very attractive nail polish color! Now I am using back those not so nice colors. Dries pretty quick too so I can do my work within minutes after applying top coat! Best of all, it is safe, it doesn't contain harmful ingredients..."
I don't think this should be prices more than $12 but hey. I like it. It looks great! very Opaque after it dries but will dry out your lips even with chap stick underneath. The color is not like it is shown on the picture. It is more like and orange red but I still love the color a lot.
"OK - First of all, I'm not one of these people who is going to sit down and count them to see if there really is 3k pieces - who has time for that???  So I will say I am very happy with the product.  I received it MUCH faster than I had expected, which was a nice surprise.  The photos of the product are accurate.  Came in a small, divided plastic container and there are a LOT of small gems.  3000 or not - there's plenty in there, and they will last me a long time, and for what I paid, I have no complaints!"
"Once I got them today, I realize the beauty was worth the wait. Looking forward to useing them. Packageing was great, not damanged in any way."
"I was eyeing this on Amazon and actually got it for $17 on sale at Walgreens last weekend.This is a great tool to add to anyone's cabinet.I'm Korean and have thick coarse hair.I hate blow drying my hair because I just end up a hot sweaty (literally) mess and by the time I'm finished I'm too hot to use a straightener or curler to smooth it out and just go with it.With this I shower, brush my teeth, get my clothes laid out, dabble a little here and there...then start in on my hair.  I read the reviews of the importance of using smaller sections of hair and going VERY SLOW.  I go slow waiting for the sizzle to stop before sliding any more.  I will admit, the sizzle of hair totally freaked me out at first but I keep telling myself that it's being steamed and not fried.It does take longer than just blow drying in itself...but saves on time of blow drying plus flat ironing."
"I'm very pleased with these application brushes. They are very sturdy, well made, and come in an attractive organizer case. The bristles are very soft and gentle for the most delicate of jobs. I would definitely recommend these and will buy these again!"
"I love this Proactiv lotion.  It is a great preventative acne lotion for everyday application.  It doesn't dry my skin, and it is very effective."
"I'm really pale so I have to be very careful on the amount of color I put on my face, but this shade is perfect  natural, elegant, but warm. The pigment doesn't easily go on the brush, which in my view is good since it decreases the risk of overloading your face with excess. The brush is small, as people have said, but I still managed to use it till I got a bigger blush brush."
The bristles on this brush are stiff enough to get the job done.  It is thin enough to get in the cracks of your nails and clean up that unwanted nail polish.  If you need a clean up brush this is cheap and does the trick!!
"I love Spornette brushes and this one is just perfect for me.I love the fact that it is the perfect size and the bristles do not hurt and it actually feels good on your scalp.Way to go Spornett - another #1 brush,Thanks!"
"I love this lipstick because not only is the color great, but it leaves my lips feeling soo smooth, and it doesn't settle in any of the creases, or if I have chapped lips, it doesn't show that more (which most lipsticks do with chapped lips...), and it seems to even heel my chapped lips, and when not chapped, it seems to condition them to be smoother, even when not wearing the lipstick! it doesn't smudge and it stays in place, long lasting color, a great overall lipstick. I have ordered many more of these in different shades, and I use this lipstick (in some shade) more often than any other! I do recommend this lipstick!"
Wen is a great product for sure.  Especially the cleansers. This balm is good as well but no better than other balms in my opinion.  I would probably not buy this again just because I can get the same results with less money.
This is a great 1X/10X mirror...just what I was 'looking' for...the plastic exterior makes it nice & light & easy to move around...tho' I wish it were a bit bigger...at least its small enough to pack.
Great unique dark dark olive green with shimmer. Great color for fall or winter because of the dark tone to it. I love this color and it looks wonderful.
"This stuff makes my puppy lick my eyeballs.But other than that, its a good product!  Very nice to use and clean rinsing."
"Every single mascara, no matter how expensive, smudges on me and leaves me with raccoon eyes an hour after applying it. I ordered this after doing some research and reading that a primer might help to stop that. I ordered it but didnt have high hopes as I thought I was doomed to be a raccoon forever...I received this and my first impression was that it wouldnt work as I could barely see it on my lashes but this thing WORKS! I am able to wear any mascara from the cheapest drugstore brand to the most expensive brand and NO SMUDGES!! I will never be without this!"
Great product! Great Price! This curing wand gets good and hot and holds my curls all day! I go between this and my 2 inch wand depending on what look I'm going for.
"If I could give Kiss My Face Whenever conditioner 10 stars, I certainly would!  Words cannot describe how much I enjoy this product-but I will give it a try :)I purchased this product for the first time a few weeks ago.  I have heard many positive things about the Kiss My Face brand in general, so I was confident that this product would be great.  The Whenever conditioner has met my expectations and BEYOND!I have very long, thin hair.  This conditioner does NOT weigh my hair down or make it appear thinner than it is.  It conditions beautifully, and I love that I don't have to use gobs of it like other conditioners.  The smell is divine-if you're into great smelling beauty items (like I am!) you won't be disappointed.  The Kiss My Face Whenever shampoo smells even BETTER (I wrote a review on that item as well-Kiss My Face Whenever Shampoo, Value Size, 32 Ounce).  The conditioner makes my hair ridiculously shiny also-from the first wash!Some people may complain about the price.  Just remember, you are paying for an ORGANIC and NATURAL, EARTH FRIENDLY product, and that is much healthier for you.  I have friends who don't mind paying $25.00 for a 1 liter bottle of Redken, Paul Mitchell, etc. and those conditioners are NOT organic.  So in reality, if you want amazing hair you have to spend a bit more.I have noticed my hair having less tangles since using this conditioner.  I have less build up at the ends of my hair as well.  The ONLY thing I could complain about is that when I received this shampoo and conditioner they each had leaked a little bit-but the seller had a plastic bag tied around each of the spouts so the box and bottles weren't covered in soap.  Still, that is not enough to warrant a 4 star rating.In conclusion, I CERTAINLY recommend this product.  Paired with the Kiss My Face Whenever shampoo you will have amazing, shiny, soft, and great smelling hair!  You can't go wrong :)"
"My child uses this shampoo everyday and enjoys the smell and the clean feel that it gives his hair. THe shampoo does not irritate his scalp at all. In fact, he claims that he has fewer itching problems when using this shampoo. Given the decent price and the efficiency of this shampoo, I think that this is an excellent choice for parents trying to find good products for their kids."
"very good product, it came on time and it really lengthens the lashes. i have had it for a while so i really like this product."
This product does wonders for your face. I had allot of sun damage from trying to be a sun goddess all these years. It repairs your skin and makes it look brighter and clear then before. You do have to keep using it. It doesn't work if you stop. I now have it on auto-delivery. I highly recommend this product. It is a serum so it's light and won't cause you to break out. Clinique does need to redesign the bottle. Allot of the product gets wasted if you are not careful. A little goes a long way.
"I liked this blush, but it is more like a bronzer/blush. It was a little too dark for me in the winter. I may try it again in the summer when I am tan. It is highly pigmented and was just too much for me in this time of the year."
"first, love the  colors. shipped in an ok amount of time,was very well packaged,now to the funOMG !! Had a blast did all my nails different,then did just a 'french tip&#34; so easy to use even with my left handso easy to align up and make even lines. i honestly just love this stuff.."
unbelieveable!!!  I can see this working the first week...the only problem is there is only one ounce and it's a little pricey. I am in my mid 60's and just the last 2 years started getting brown spots on my arms and hands. I use a sunscreen also during the day.
A drop on each cheek after cleansing at night smooths over the lines and relaxes your skin for the night. Noticeably great feeling.
This is some very amazing stuff. I had been having some problems with my skin being so dry and this did the job to correct that.
"Does what is advertised and fairly comfotable, but was a bit tricky to learn how to apply correctly when all alone."
"The organic hyaluronic Acid is made to help with anti-aging and younger looking skin. It will diminish fine lines and wrinkles. The La Beaut&eacute; Pure Hyaluronic Acid Serum hydrates from the inside out and promotes smooth skin, as well as lifts sagging skin.Instead of La Beaut&eacute; Pure using fillers, they use bonus (amazing!) ingredients: Vitamin C, Aloe Vera, Vitamin E, MSM, Jojoba Oil, Witch Hazel, Geranium Essential Oil and Wildcrafted Green Tea.It&#8217;s recommended to start off slow and use only one time per day and eventually work yourself up to twice a day &#8211; morning and night. You will only need a small amount, as you apply only a thin layer. Due to there not being alcohol in the product, it will not clog or irritate your skin.The people of La Beaut&eacute; Pure eat an organic diet, so they also want to use an organic skin care product. The Hyaluronic Acid is plant based and does not contain colors, fragrance, GMO, phthalates, triclosan, formaldehyde or parabens. The best thing is that they do not test on animals &#8211; they love them!At first I was a little hesitant because of the word &#8220;acid&#8221;. I thought maybe it would be bad for me or hurt my skin. However, I concluded that it was not bad for me nor did it hurt my skin. The hyaluronic acid serum actually moisturized my skin and made it feel much younger. My skin feels smoother and healthier than it ever has! One of my favorite things about the company is that the product does not contain bad things that could damage your skin. Nor do they test on animals. It is so important that companies are animal lovers, not harmers. So, this company is so much better in my eyes!For $35.99, the hyaluronic acid is a bit pricy, but there is a lot in the bottle, so it will last a long time. I think it is truly worth it and would recommend it to everyone. I really feel like my face is more moisturized and that the La Beaut&eacute; Pure Hyaluronic Acid works a lot better than other moisturizers or facial skin care products I have tried. You will not regret using this product!"
"I received a free bottle of this oil for an honest review! You can use it for your hair, to rub on your legs after shaving,rubbing on your hands to make them soft!  It says it is good for your nails too! I am trying it on my stretch marks we will see if it helps at all. And it may come in handy this summer for sunburns!!"
"This is quite a good shampoo for dry hair.  It has a strong floral scent, I'd put the emphasis on strong.  I was happy with it- I love strongly scented products, but I realize that it will not be to everyone's taste.  The lather this shampoo creates is a bit different from what I'm used to.  Rather than producing foam, it produced more of a cream.  It left my hair clean and smelling great.  Recommended."
"I am a WEN addict!! I have tried almost all the flavors but fig, SAM, and 613 are my favorite. I will be using fig during the winter weather to rehydrate my hair."
Keeps my oily skin at bay without looking like a have a ton of makeup on.
"This cream smells delicious!  Like pineapples, kiwi and laying on a white sand beach...but I digress.  This has all the good stuff in it and for 1/4 of the price of the so-called top pf the line.  And this WORKS! I use it at night...it's a bit too thick to wear under make up, but it makes a perfect night cream.  In the morning, my skin is soft and looks perfect.  I've been using it for 2 weeks, only at night, on a freshly cleaned face.  I also use a peptide moisturizer first.  This spreads luxuriously and soaks in really well.  The smell is refreshing and delicious!  I'm the type to try everything and anything -- I even tried snake venom (doesn't work)-- this is one cream I will buy again and keep using.  Love it."
"These plates have worked great for me so far! These were the first set of nail plates I have purchased, so I didn't know what to expect. All the designs I have tried work well. The quality is great, and the designs are fun. I had heard to use a plastic scraper instead of a metal one (the metal ones scratch the plates), so I use the little plastic card included in this set as my scraper. It works perfectly. All I needed to by was a stamper- I use the Konad double-ended one, which works well with these plates. These are a great deal and a lot of fun."
This does a good job of restoring Seche Vite (which thickens quickly) and also old polishes that don't dry any more.
"Olay Soothing cucumber smells good, goes on nice and smoothly and rinses away leaving your sking feeling smooth and clean."
"Amazing product just as good or better than sigma! They blend so well and hold up amazing, very little shedding"
"I really like this mascara, but as many brands do, it dried out fairly fast - like in less than 2 weeks.  A couple of drops of water fixed it, so far.  I really like the color.  It's way more brown than black, and with fair skin and hair, that looks better than black."
"This product is really perfect for me :) Let say i am the kind of person that not going to parlor main reasons i cannot afford it :) whew! but through this Thermal Spa CHC i feel great, now my hair not like before dry and dull.  its really good!!"
"Three things I liked best:1) a specific setting for fine hair, so I didn't have to worry about frying mine2) heats up quickly3) came with a DVD for those who might need the help or ideasI also like theREMINGTON Protect & Shine Triple Protection 20 Rollers Hairsetter (Model:H2020)for special occasions."
"I have hair that is neither straight nor curly, just wavy and fuzzy. This product really helps my hair look both straight and shiny."
"Super soft, wonderfully made. Worked well for applying eyeshadow and foundation around eyes. My favorite is the 760 liner and brow. My least fav would be the 769 as its too big to really use on or around your eyes. Bdellium also has a wonderful flat kabuki style foundation brush 957 which I bought multiples of fearing they might discontinue it. All and all it was nice to compare these to my mac and target brand brushes. If your new with applying make definately make the purchase for a 760 liner and brow and the flat kabuki 957 they are amazing and work just as well as my mac brushes!"
The amount of pockets and nooks and crannies in this organizer are amazing.  However it doesn't really stay open on its own unless the center pack is crammed full and some of the pockets become hard to access/see when its folded in on itself.
Great color and easy to apply. I've been doing my own shellac at home for about a year and have saved tons of money. Also bought the light from Amazon.
I didn't want to buy Mac Candy Yum Yum so I got this instead. Love it! So much cheaper too. Stays on long & you can manipulate the color depending on the lip liner used.
"My niece and I love this mascara.  It is thick, but I don't have any problem with clumping like other reviewers have noted.I cannot speak to their eyelashes or how they are applying it, but I have long lashes, regular density.  This really pumps up my eye power.  I apply from root to end with one stroke, not short rapid application.I was actually surprised to see so many low ratings.On a normal day, I use Maybelline Great Lash.  Have used for 26 years.  I have tried more expensive department store brands and other drugstore brands, but this is the best for me."
"This oil is great for thinning areas along the hairline, and promoting softer and longer hair. It takes a little while to see results, but its worth the wait. I massage this stuff on my scalp every night and notice that my hair is thicker and softer after 2 months of use. It may be a little thick for some, but a good solution would be to mix it with another oil like coconut or jojoba."
"I am very pleased with this purchase. I use it every single day. I am 30 years old and have had moderate to severe adult acne for the past 5 years. Upon reading other reviews, I thought this product would help with my acne but it only exacerbates it. I'm ok with that just because since it is an oil, I didn't have high expectations. However, I do use this in my hair and on my entire body. My hair has never been so soft and my skin feels greatly moisturized. I do use this under my regular body lotion. All in all I am very happy with this product and will certainly purchase again."
"Okay, I have SO MANY good things to say! First off, I am very please with Sunless Deals. I bought this lotion from them and I didn't get a rip-off lotion, I got the real deal. Now, the lotion in general is wonderful. I already have a base tan and you can still see a color difference with every use. I don't personally like the smell, BUT! I think the way it smells AFTER you tan is nice. It's super moisturizing and a little goes a long way. The first time I used this, I put a lot on because it was so runny and I figured it wasn't going to be very moisturizing, but I was wrong.. when I got out of the tanning bed, I was syill kinda wet, so yeah, a little goes a long way. Also, even though I put too much on my first time, I recieved ZERO streaks which is totally rad 8) GIVE THIS STUFF A SHOT AND BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!!! :) :) :)"
"I am Irish with fair complected skin and I burn when I am in the sun or tanning beds, I try to avoid this like the plague and I know that it is much safer to fake and bake with lotion....I have used a few different self tanners throughout the years (the cheap ones and the more high end) and I have been using Banana Boat Summer Color Self-Tanning Lotion, Deep Dark Color, For All Skin Tones for the past year and that is the only stuff that works for me on my very light fair completed sensitive skin... it gives me a tan where I look like I am Brazilian vs. IrishI did venture out because I had heard such great things about the ""Fake and Bake"" brand and heck the price was right at $13.30 a bottle regularly $42.74 a bottle (Yikes). At any rate, foolish me.... I tried ""Fake and Bake""  and what a mistake!!When I got it and applied it, I was really disappointed. I did the the proper prep work IE moisturize, moisturize, moisturize a few days prior... Shower, exfoliate, shave, completely dry off, put my hair up and apply with the gloves.HOLY HECK that stuff was messy and dark, it actually scared me to the point I had to call my husband in to help me apply it as quick as possible. His exact words were ""honey this stuff is a nightmare, I sure hope you don't wake up disappointed and looking like a train wreck And I think that you need to stick with your Banana Boat""The dry time took Forrreverrrr with ""Fake and Bake"" too and when I was finally able to go to bed, I slept a full 8 hours and woke up ready for a shower. When I took my clothes off, my clothes were stained and the color completely came off in the shower. - What a waste of time and money... No one has time for that!Lesson well learned.... Stick with what you know works and don't try to recreate the wheel!More about Banana Boat - Bedtime is the best time to apply...Banana Boat works well on my face too, pull your hair back and apply a dime size and let dry. I always moisturize on my off days and then I shower, shave, exfoliate, dry off really well and apply (rub in well) and let dry for 10 mins. Once dry get ready for bed and go to sleep, 6-8 hours later... shower off - it takes two-three separate applications to see a really nice Golden tan but you know it is working after the 6 hour mark from 1st application. Keep in mind... Slow and Steady Wins the Race with this stuff, but once you're there... You will be VERY happy :)Once I have a really nice tan -  I use this product faithfully every other night IE. Monday, Wednesday, Friday taking the other nights off to moisturize and exfoliate to avoid build up etc.I ALWAYS apply it at bed time so it sets in longer and avoid any smell in public. And I always shower, shave and exfoliate BEFORE applying. ALSO.... if you are not going to use gloves... wash hands in-between applying, I always start with the top half of my body (wash hands / dry) and finish with my lower half(wash hands / dry) and apply a small dime size on your wrist and work in putting your two wrist together and gliding it across your top hands etc until dry. - this helps with evening your tan out.You really cannot go wrong once you figure out what works best for you and the price cannot be beat considering this self-tanning lotion offers the same quality tan that other high end self-tanners do, but better!Best of Luck,~ SkyLee :)"
They come in really neat packages and I love the teardrop. At first I didn't know what that was but now I do and I love it. I haven't tried them yet cause I got a today but I bet they would work really well
"I was dying my hair lighter (every 6 months) a few years ago. My hair is almost as fine as a babies, It couldn't take the harsh chemicals.I stopped dying it, and once a month I used a clarifying shampoo I found in a local store (not this brand it was more expensive). I've also been using 4 different, other kinds of shampoos, as I heard a long time ago, that's it's better for your hair not to get used to one. It took a while for my hair to look good again.It's been a couple of years now I wasn't using clarifying shampoo any more. When I saw this I thought I'd buy it, as my hair hasn't been looking as good lately, and the reviews were so good.I used it for the first time today, it lathered reasonably well, then I noticed it didn't feel good. As I lathered it into my hair, it didn't feel the same, my hair felt really dry like straw, I was very worried.After I rinsed it, I used 'Alberto V05 Moisture Milk Conditioner' which I was also using for the first time. The prices are so good for this shampoo and conditioner.Alberto Vo5 Moisture Milk Conditioner, Strawberries and Cream, 15 OunceI must say, when I put the conditioner on and massaged it into my scalp, it smelled really delicious! My hair still felt really dry though. I'd never experienced this dryness before after washing it, even with the clarifying shampoo I used years ago.I was nervous about the outcome of this product. As usual, I let my hair dry naturally, I was surprised when my hair began feeling lovely and soft. I just looked in the mirror and couldn't believe my eyes, I thought my dark hair had turned white in places. Yikes! I then realized it wasn't white at all, it was the shine. It looks fabulous, even though I say it myself!I'm really glad I found this clarifying shampoo. I'm going to use it every month, with the conditioner.**UPDATE**Only the first time I used this, my hair went dry while using it. I've used it a lot since and it's been perfectly OK."
Well because my daughter never had that many brushes in her life so she's gonna have a blast working with them she's an artist and tattoo artist too so she knows her makeup now it's on baby
"I buy these in bulk because I use them ALL the time. I have extremely oily skin that I manage with lemon soap, lemon lotion, daily mud/mint masks, and exfoliating; not to mention these bad boys. One sheet is enough to keep me oil free for a few hours, but I always touch up when I'm looking shiny.But buy this product with caution if you're a serious make-up wearer like me. I'm talking concealer, foundation, setting powder, highlighting, and everything that goes with serious make-up application. If you use these while wearing make-up be sure to DAB your face, DO NOT SMEAR THESE OVER YOUR FACE LIKE A BUTTER KNIFE ON TOAST. If you do this, your make-up will spread and you will look crazy!I learned this the hard way.If you're careful using them while wearing make-up and love getting a great deal, then this product is for you!"
"I've been using this for years, as per recommendation.  I have very sensitive skin and this works well.  I like the weight and SPF, and it absorbs quickly for morning routine."
"I have been only using this for a week, so its hard to say if its going to keep doing the job, but so far so good, and it doesn't seem to dry may face out either which Is a major plus in my book."
I love this polish! It's so beautiful and very long lasting! It's a bit more red than the picture shows but it's a must have!
This works great. Goes on easy with kabuki brush. It is light. You don't look weighed down with makeup. Has great coverage
The brushes are super soft and well made!  No random fibers left in my makeup which is always a plus!  Case is cute and well made!
"I love this shampoo, a bit expensive, but it leaves my hair very clean, and with volume. I need to add a conditioner, because my hair is dry."
"I was so excited when I saw the package at my door. But when I use it, I don't really find a huge difference from many other leave in conditioners. It smells wonderful though. And maybe it is better than most leave in conditioners. But I can not tell. It's a great product, but it's not super amazing. It's just good. Just good."
Only product I use for my eyebrows in blonde color of course have tried others and go back to these every time thanks
"This polsih was actually a little lighter than I was wishing for, but I still like it.  The photo's online did make it seem a little more ""pinky"", but it really came out on the whiter side.  Still a good neutral."
"This product came in a lighter shade which I liked better, but glad this one is still around, though it doesn't last very long.  Besides the unusually natural looking color, it makes a very fine line.  I do have a puzzle about this product: it has a storage space inside the stem behind the detachable brush on the end.  But nowhere can I locate the brow pencil lead this makes one think must be available to purchase for storing and refilling.  Either must be just a design flaw or the manufacturer decided not to supply the refills?"
"During the winter months I use lace wigs as protective and easy, fast styles, I saw Sapphire and thought great, its whole lace (my first) and it looks very natural which is hard to find in an affordable price range. So I said what the heck lets go for it. I was so excited when it arrived that I ran around the house!... Unfortunately it was not what I was expecting at first.I hated the curl and to me it looked nothing like the picture assumed. I got this in a 1 because it was the only color available. The color and the curls made it look terrible and ""fake"" and the nappy baby hairs also pissed me off! Regardless I had no choice so I continued to wear it. After a month of being fed up and embarrassed of being seen with this, it popped into my mind, "" hey this is futura (I can use heat on it)"" plus there was no way I would make my money go to waste without a fight!So I section out the hair and flat iron it on medium until it was straight. I couldn't express the joy I felt after seeing this hair  bone straight! it was beautiful! Just silky soft and the hair feels so light but is not thin at all. It reaches down into the middle of the back and looks like a hair a diva would wear. I have to mention this is not human hair but it feels like it and look like it. The lace is the perfect tone to fit my complexion so I have no problem there, people often think its a sew in. like most lace wigs I have had, the sides stick out if you don't use glue, tape or pins. So I'm still waiting to find a wig that doesn't do that. In the End, every couple weeks I wash and and put a leave in conditioner and hang it up to dry over night, then I flat iron again, trim the ends and viola its back to looking new! I love this wig now. I only recommend a natural color like 2 or 4 when purchasing.TIP*** Most of the time we have to make the wig our own, it doesn't always coming out the box perfect for us, sometimes you need to put effort and time into styling!"
"I have been a Suave fan for a long time. But in the past year I started trying other products because I couldn't find a conditioner that actually made my long hair tangle free.This one did not disappoint.I have been coloring my hair for 20 years, so it has chemical damage.I also have bleached highlights, which causes MORE chemical damage.My hair is beyond the midpoint of my back - rather long.It has a medium texture. Not super thick and not super fine.In the FIRST use this was my observation:My hair had far less ""fly aways"" from pony tails sticking out.The hair lays nicely around my shoulders instead of bunching up around my neck.There was a slight shine to it that wasn't there with my Aussie conditioner.The texture of the hair felt very smooth to the touch, but it was not ""heavy"" or greasy.I could run my fingers from root to tip in my WET hair and they came through with little resistance. That is something I haven't been able to do in years since before I started coloring it every 6 weeks or so.This is probably the best conditioner I've tried to date for overall look texture, weight and shine. Far better than several expensive salon brands I've used including Biolage and Matrix.  I'm thrilled with it. And the price? I would definitely be willing to pay much more for this.  And on top of it all, it smells wonderful. Sweet and spicy, but not too perfumed.Highly, highly recommended."
Anything I every purchase by revlon was cheap and works great as high pricey products. Packaging was great as if it was just light books were inside and delivery was perfect timing for me.  If you haven't tried anything by revlon then I really recommend all there products and purchasing them from this seller when needed to. It's really worth every cent you worked for and heats up in seconds when your on the go. I really have to complete the whole entire set by getting the other size barrels by revlon that works wonders on any type of hair.Thanks!
I'm in love with these little beauties.  Great size to mix with other 2 and 3 mm rhinestones.  Very bling bling.  Would order again. Only thing took 2 weeks to get
"I got these for my Halloween costume and I love them! They're so easy to ""install"" and take out! I had to kinda figure out how to use the tool but it was easy. Just slide the bead onto the tool, unlatch the little claw on the tip, scoop up however much hair the hook will grab and slide the bead up while pulling the tool down so your hair pulls through the bead. Bring the bead up to your scalp, not touching, but a few cm away. Insert the end of the extension into the bead and clamp tight with needle nose pliers. And voila! So pretty! Don't put it too deep in your hair or else you won't see it. The nice part is that they're reusable!"
"Love this mascara! It pumps out the lashes, and really seperated them! And they eyeliner is great! And it's so cheap, there's not a bad thing to say about this product!"
"My lashes are thin, light blonde (almost invisible unless you're really up close), and medium length.  This mascara completely changes that though.  I actually grabbed the color ""black"" by mistake (I usually get the ""blackest black"" in whatever brand I choose) but I didn't notice any difference color-wise; it was still satisfyingly dark.  If you apply one coat, you get a nice, almost every-day type of look.  But this mascara is buildable and if you want a darker, more dramatic look, then this can be achieved as quickly as applying the second layer.  There is absolutely no clumping!  This mascara also multiplies my lashes and creates a really voluminous look (what can I say, the name was well chosen ^_^).  I think the false fibers helped with that; they help fill in the gaps so your lash line is completely full.  Another thing that is really impressive to me is that this mascara holds your curl ALL DAY!  I'm talking from 8 in the morning until 11:30 at night.  I also like the tube; the cap makes a ""click"" noise when it's screwed on completely, which ensures it's on tight and you know there's no air getting to it.  I didn't have the problems others mentioned.  Regarding wetness, I would recommend the waterproof version (which is what I have) because I can assure you it does not feel wet and heavy on your lashes nor does it cause them to stick together.  Very rarely I notice a microscopic amoung of flaking under the eyes, but it's so minimal that I only notice up close and it's easy to wipe away; I do not notice the false fibers falling out, and they don't irritate my eyes either like anohter false fiber mascara did.  It's fairly easy to take off at night with makeup remover, but depending on how many layers you apply, it could get tough to make sure the product is completely removed from your eyelashes, so that's my only negative.Overall, this mascara makes your lashes dark, voluminous, multiplied, and holds your curl all day.  No flaking, no clumping, and it's affordable.  Definitely one I'd reccommend."
it leaves my skin feeling soft and works well on the skin with foundation and makeup. Will purchase this again.
"This is the best product I have found for my hair.  Which is a little thin,  a little curly which leads to frizzy.  I used to love Pureology but just can't afford it.  I tried this and can't believe it actually knocked pureology off it's pedestal."
"I love this vitamin C serum. I received this from Belitae and Tomoson.com to review, and it is seriously one of the best out there. I've tried TONS of vitamin C serums and this one has helped my skin the most. I have a few spots on my face that I have been trying to get rid of for over a year that wouldn't go away. They were spots where I'd had acne over and over and weren't necessarily scars but just were annoying and hideous and now after using this for like two weeks they are GONE! I've noticed my skin looks younger and I don't need to wear nearly as much makeup now. I love this product! It is a must have!"
"I have been wanting to purchase this product for many years and the price finally came down, I could not resist!!  It was a little tricky the first time but by the 3rd I am a pro! Read all the reviews with suggestions.  I bought the disposable mascara brushes, it fits PERFECTLY in the hole of the plug for the no 1 Activator jar, scrapes the excess off too.  Becareful though, it splatters a little.  For the no 2 Gel Colorant, I use the pointy Q tips provided.  Worked very well. Before I started I also used a regular Q-tip to put petroleum jelly around my eye, under and on the lid.  A must is a maginifing lite mirror.  Go slow and dont put too much activator on, it tends to splatter and will burn your eyes a little.  I used it a few days in a row to darken the look.  I got fair to good results. I have long thin completely transparent lashes, so the effect is minimal but I figure a little is better than nothing!  But what really sold me was I decided to try it on my thinning eye brows, instant LOVE!  I will keep using it.  I like having at least a slightly visible eye lash, looks pretty good when I use my curler on them.  Maybe about a 3 1/2 to 4 for lashes, 4-5 stars for eyebrows!  If my eyelashes were thickier and light the effect would be a knock out but all in all I am pleased.UPDATE: After over one month of using I am ready to reorder.  This is a new staple in my make up case.  I have started to use Retivalash too so the effect is becoming more apparent.  For someone with no visible lashes to actually seeing them, it is very nice.  Really easy to use now, although I did forget to wash my hands after the last time and ended up with a brown stained thumb.  Oops!"
"I obviously live in Texas and let me tell you, everything is bigger in Texas, ESPECIALLY the heat. It's literally unbearable so finding good products for the summer is a regular hunt. I will need to look no more as this pomade, combined with Crack, is an excellent product. The two compliment each other so much. Great buy!"
"This perfume smells amazing! You've got to try it, I think this will be one of my favorite victorias secret scents. I admit I'm not very good at describing perfumes but it has a sweet plum scent that appeals to me and the bottle is gorgeous, I recommend this one."
I dont usually wear cologne but my wife made me get this and it smells wicked. Came at a good price.
"I cannot wait to try the Lavender & Chamomile bath soak, since Lavender is one of my favorite scents. I currently have the Eucalyptus & Mint and it smells so amazing. It is so rich in minerals and foams gently to revive my sore, tired muscles at the end of the day. I cannot afford to go to the spa, but I know that I can have that same luxury for such an affordable price, right in the convenience of my home."
Great Shampoo and conditioner. Makes my hair feel fuller with less to no static in winter months. Great to use throughout season changes
"I was so excited when I got these in on time and lemme tell you, I WAS WAITING For bad smell of the bag and brushes to lose hair after swiping thru a couple of time and NONE OF THAT HAPPENED! At least not to me! I washed it too and they are jus adorable to have! must buy!"
I know that it's not the exact thing like the beauty blender that is so expensive forone sponge but it honestly does the same thing. I love the pack and one of themeveryday! When I go through all of them I will repurchase!
"I am forever in search of the perfect mascara. Well, now I need search no more. I love this stuff! The brush is just big enough to give me maximum coverage without getting in my way. My lashes look longer and fuller when I use this product, and I don't end up with spiky eyelashes or dark circles after just a few hours. It washes off without a problem and doesn't irritate my eyes when I wear my contacts. I'm sold!"
"The palette was nicely packed so nothing was out of order, there are so many colors to choose from shimmers mattes and all.i think the pigment is good but could be better, as long as you use primer your goodso many colors to mess around with-ingredients are not good but overall the collection and performance is outstanding"
"I color my hair quite often, so my hair has a lot of damage, and isn't as beautiful as it once was. While I know there is no way to fix damaged hair aside from cutting it off, I do find that using some treatments on it helps it appear more healthy, and is also more manageable to style.I have been using this in my hair routine for a week (used 3 times total), and now my hair feels and looks a bit better. Much more softer to the touch, and it has more volume. As far as shine, it's so-so. It's improved from my hair before, but no mind blowing results.Using this mask is very simple. I wash my hair as normal and rinse. I wring out my hair so it's not dripping wet, and I take about a half dollar amount of the mask, and work it from my ends up. I have long hair, so you may adjust that amount depending on your hair length. The most important thing to remember is that a little of this goes a long way. When I first used it, I used way too much, but you live and learn. After I have worked it up to my roots, I pile my hair on top of my head and just hang out for 15 minutes while I let the mask do its thing. It isn't drippy or anything like that, it stays put on my hair. After 15 mins, I rinse it out, and let my hair air dry.The mask smells alright, if you are familiar with argan oil, it has that sorta scent.The problems I have with this are all about the container. First being that when the product was shipped to me, like so many other reviews, the jar lid had opened and I lost a very good amount of the mask. Second, the container is on the smaller size, so if you have long hair like mine, you will go through this in no time.Please note that I was sent this product complimentary to try out in my home in order to share my honest experience, thoughts and review."
The color is so bright. And it's easy to apply on. But the only reason is that it doesn't last long. :(
it adds a nice pink tint. has lots of girly sparkles. not worth the extra money but maybe if you find it on sale.
I just bought a 4-ounce bottle today and haven't tried it yet.  The stars are for the price.  My grocery store's regular price for this size is $4.24.  Why is yours so expensive?
"I love this brush! The bristles are super soft.  It is the perfect brush for contouring. I am going to purchase more Sigma pencils, they are worth every penny."
"I have a love for NATURAL products and fig scented items are one of my favorites. This Upper Canada version has a very similar smell to Bath & Body Works fig products, but a more natural ingredient list (though NOT organic).This SWEET VANILLA FIG did not disappoint. It has a wonderful WARM almost coconutty scent that lingers for a long time, but more importantly it made my hands soft and SUPPLE but NOT at all greasy. It absorbed THOROUGHLY and I was able to type on my keyboard minutes later, ENJOYING soft hands and a nice, sweet smell as promised.The ALL natural ingredient list also makes me feel GOOD about using it as OFTEN as I would like, and letting my KIDS use it, too....though I will share it reluctantly!"
"I absolutely love the Aqua*Tica Organic Night Cream!!  I received a sample of it when I placed an order for one of Sweetsation's other products last month.  Once the sample was gone, I knew that I just had to order the full size because I love the way that it makes my skin look and feel.  Thank you Sweetsation Therapy for all of your wonderful products and also for the excellent customer service!"
"I wrote a haiku poem about the Dove shave gel product:Large, masculine canSmooth, refreshing gel insideHappy customer"
"I wish I had known a product like this was available sooner. I have tried to wear wigs but I hot flash too much and they become extremely uncomfortable. I saw this and I thought it would not hurt to give it a try on my balding crown (not the trait I wanted to inherit from my father). I ordered brown/black hoping it would blend in with my almost black hair with brown highlights. It worked wonders on my crown! I then put some throughout my hair and it seems to blend well. Also, I noticed it covers my gray pretty well. I deducted a star because there should be a darker shade of black available and I had to go through a lot to get the coverage I need. Overall, this is a great product and I will be ordering this again."
"My curling irons are about 20 years old, so I was surprised by this new high-tech curling wand. Perhaps they've made them clip free for a while, but this was my first experience with it.I suppose clip-free is smart with no springs to break and nothing to leave a mark at the end of the hair where it's pinched against the barrel. It is hard for me to adjust to this method though. After my teenage years of big hair, I could practically curl hair in my sleep. Putting on the glove and holding my hair in place takes some getting used to. The glove fits fine and keeps the heat from burning my flesh, but I do need to be careful not to let my unprotected arm get near the hot barrel.The ceramic barrel has a nice coating that seems to heat evenly. Next to the power switch, there is a dial to adjust the heat level. Also, there is a light to show when the device is on. Once turned off, the wand cools fairly quickly and is okay to touch or put away after about ten minutes. As for my hair, it curls just fine. I have long hair and just curl the ends and the curl stays put for hours. My main concern is keeping the curling wand and glove together. I won't at all surprised when they get separated and the glove lost somewhere in my bathroom cabinet. It does what's it's meant to do though and I'm sure this wand is much better for the health of my hair than my ancient curling irons are."
"My hair can be one hot mess during the winter.  For whatever reasons, my hair tends to get dry, frizzy, and the split ends abound.  I have fairly thick, straight black Asian hair - my hair tends to be porous and accepts most treatments, however recently it seems that products like Herbal Essence and Aveeno just don't seem to be cutting it.  Motions Naturally You is a deep conditioner that you can use in the shower in place of normal conditioner to get your hair in order.  I wasn't too thrilled to have to dip my hand into the whole bottle during my shower to get conditioner especially since the conditioner is slightly thicker than liquid.  I ended up getting about a quarter sized amount into my hand and put it on my hair. The scent isn't overpowering and is quite pleasant.  After I rinsed the conditioner off and started blow drying, I noticed my hair felt a little greasy initially, but then started softening up nicely.  By the time my hair was dry, it felt so soft and light and didn't look greasy at all!  Even in the morning after I woke up, my hair still felt super soft and was much easier to style.  I didn't have any frizzies in the morning, either.  This stuff is great.  Highly recommended!"
"Love this stuff.  Wear it at night with gloves and keeps my hands soft and smooth.  I've tried a ton of hand creams, this seems to really be great.  Also like Burt's Bees Banana Cream."
"Though I had already purchased and tried Tresemme 7 Day Keratin Smooth Heat Activated Treatment, 3 Ounce, when I spotted TRESEMME KERATIN SMOOTH SMOOTHING CREME SERUM, 3.5 OZ, I wanted to try it as well. I liked that it didn&#8217;t require blow-drying, and a flatiron. What I didn&#8217;t expect was to discover how well it worked. My daughter has dry, course, frizzy, long hair, and of all the products we&#8217;ve tried, the TRESEMME KERATINE SMOOTH products have to be the best. TRESEMME KERATIN SMOOTH SMOOTHING CREME SERUM, 3.5 OZ claims to work for 48 hours, and I&#8217;m happy to report that the claim is accurate. Love this stuff.&#8226; Smoothes away frizz&#8226; Boosts shine&#8226; Lightweight formula controls frizz and fly-aways without weighing hair downImportant InformationIndicationsFor more salon secrets, visit tresemme.com.DirectionsSTEP 1 Start with TRESemme Keratin Smooth Shampoo and Conditioner. STEP 2 Apply to damp or dry hair. Dispense into hands and work evently throughout hair avoiding roots. STEP 3 Style your hair as usual with your favorite TRESemme styling products.Product DescriptionThe lightweight formula of TRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Smoothing Cr&egrave;me Serum smoothes away frizz for up to 48 hours and boosts shine. It controls frizz and fly-aways without weighing hair down, allowing you to enjoy shiny, satin-smooth hair all day long.TRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Smoothing Cr&egrave;me Serum, 3.5 OuncesSuggested UseStep 1: Start with TRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Shampoo and Conditioner (sold separately). Step 2: Apply to damp or dry hair. Dispense into hands and work evenly throughout hair avoiding roots. Step 3: Style your hair as usual with your favorite TRESemm&eacute; styling products.Our PhilosophyFrom our origins in salons around the world, TRESemm&eacute; has always been driven by a simple truth: all women deserve to look fabulous without spending a fortune. That is why we are dedicated to creating hair care and styling products that are salon quality without the salon price. Salon inspired and tested products that help you create your own style and experience that salon feeling every day.What's in the BoxTRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Smoothing Cr&egrave;me Serum, 3.5 Ounces.TRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Smoothing Cr&egrave;me Serum At a Glance:&#8226;Infused with Keratin for smoothness&#8226;Helps control frizz for up to 48 hours&#8226;Use with TRESemm&eacute; Keratin Smooth Shampoo and Conditioner (sold separately)"
"Works!!! I've been using it for 2 weeks now and I feel a difference. Skin is sensitive and I can't go in the sun, but I'm waiting to see my sun damage lighten. Overall my skin feels like a babies bottom."
"these are very handy, i really like these, thank you."
"I bought it for a trip to Destin, FL, but I now use it everyday since my big dryer went belly up.  It works just as good as my big one, if not better.  For a small thing, it packs a lot of power."
"I have a horrible time finding mascara that does everything i need it to. My eyes are deep set so that my lashes touch the top of my lids, plus my lid skin gets oily and my eyes tear easily.  My lashes are also lighter than my hair, so if I forgo mascara, I look a bit strange.This product helps me solve my mascara woes. I just use a good smudge-proof mascara and apply the fixer and I don't have to worry about looking like a raccoon or an Alice Cooper wannabe."
"I bought this in combination with the Steam Facial By Kaz (costs $27.75, see my review). I do suspect the mist feature of this Pore Cleanser is not effective, but using it with the great Steam Facial by Kaz, I have had great results! First I steam with the facial steamer for about 20 minutes, then I use the Pore Cleanser.The little vacuum does a terrific job sucking icky, waxy  junk out of my pores. The evidence of what was removed is there to see after use, when cleaning up the device. I never had any results using Biore strips, nothing came out of my pores with those. I suspect that the key is to open pores and soften things up with the facial steamer. I would not expect as good results using either the Steamer or the Pore Cleaner alone. The Pore Cleaner is water resistant and may be used directly over steam without damage.In total, I spent about $70. and I am very happy with the results. My skin is clearer, the texture is much softer and finer, blackheads are disappearing, pores are growing smaller, and breakouts are far less."
I use this mixed with my regular body moisturizer during the winter.  My skin has never been better.  I would definitely buy this again and will continue to use it during the cold winter months.
"I have constipation type IBS and this works for me.  The first thing I noticed was that I wasn't as bloated.  Not alot of relief, but just enough to keep on giving it a try.  It took about 2 months to get the full effect.Without it, I am really constipated, but with it things work alot better.  I use the chewable tablets."
If you have the Owl punch from Stampin Up this is the cutest bowtie for the owl. Dress up those little guys!I have ordered this item twice and use them often on my Greeting Cards. Think out side the box when looking for a little glitz for your crafts. Shipping takes awhile since they come from overseas but I have felt they do a good job getting them here quickly.
"Nice little product, that I use on clients to keep their eyeshadow in place!  It sinks right into the skin, and works nicely!"
"After using Olay Regerist Serum I could tell the difference in the tone and texture of my skin.  This product makes the skin feel smooth, silky, and does not leave a greasy feel.  I highly recommend this product for any woman who is not ashamed to reveal her age; especially after the use of this product."
I haven't  used this product yet so I cannot give an accurate review at this time.I will let you know what I think when I do
So cool
The gal that does my manicures and pedicures uses this---exclusively.  I always like to have my own color on hand for emergencies-so bought this also----it works really well.  The trick is be a little patient...do not use it for about 2 minutes after polishing---then it's SUPERB!
"The brush applies evenly and delicately.  The fibers are packed in tight, keeping the cream at the surface rather than lodged in the middle.  The recycled handle makes this very light, yet it still feels sturdy.  Love it."
"My hair was Shirley Temple kind of curly. I had fine hair with bouncy curls, and they were beautiful. However, after bleaching and dyeing my hair so much I still had some good curls, but mixed with weird curls and strange waves. I got sick of it so I wanted it straight.After reading the reviews I bought this product, which is the best purchase I've ever made. I tried with a small section of my hair first and the results were great. The ends were fried, but because they were pretty bad before using the product. I didn't care because my hair reached my navel and I wanted to cut it anyway. But I had a good 3 or 4 inches of fried hair, so be careful with that.Then I asked a friend to help me and did it on my entire head. It says that you shouldn't go over 10 min for the application, and I knew that was going to be impossible since I have a lot of hair and it was very long, so I had to do it in 2 parts. Half of my head first and then the other half. It was a loooooong process, but worth it. My friend took about 15 min to put it on, and I waited an extra 15 or so.I did everything like it says on the instructions, and after finishing the process I waited 72 hours to wash it. Results: LOVE IT!!! My hair now looks like natural straight hair, with a few veeeery soft waves here and there. It is not fake straight, it has movement and body. It is very shiny and soft. I had like 2 inches of virgin roots (I hadn't dyed or bleached them) and they are a lot more resistant than processed hair. Some parts of my roots are a bit wavy, even though they spent the longest with the product on.I have to say, though, all of my ends were completely fried. Couldn't even brush them because they were so hard. And, I have very fine hair around my ears and those got a bit fried, too. So, if you have fine hair please test the product before you use it.Also, I got a bit scared because when I put the first cream on I saw my hair lighten A LOT! (I dyed my hair brown after bleaching it). I thought it was going to leave my hair blonde again, but that didn't happen. It lightened it just a little bit, barely noticeable.Anyways, I love my new hair. You can definitely do this without spending hundreds of dollars. You should get someone to help you, though. And remember, if you are not planning on cutting your hair please be careful with your ends."
"I began using Skin Rev-er Upper 5 years ago, when I began using the Bare Minerals product line.  This is the only product in the whole line I cannot do without.I notice that if I stop using it for a week or two, I have terrible breakouts, my skin looks dull and greasy and the ""fine lines"" (read wrinkles) are more pronounced.I don't want to make this sound like a miracle product that will have the same effect on everyone's skin...we're all different....I can't do without it--it's that good."
"I love that you have 2 items in one, you can use the liquid liner on upper lash line and the pencil on lower works wonderful!"
"I applied just a few drops (less than recommended) rubbed into my palms and then rubbed into my hair, and it left my hair with a nice soft finish.  I like it and recommend it.  Motions products are recommended for women of color.  I am not, but I do have very curly, wavy hair, and I really like the finish these products give me.  Highly recommended."
"I debated endlessly about the Clairsonic, but the price held me back.  I was about to spring for the CS when I found this Olay Pro-X recently at Costco....$36 for the device, a full 6 oz. tube of the Olay Pro-X exfoliating cleanser, an extra brush head, and 2 batteries. Seemed like a good deal.  By the way, putting in the batteries isn't rocket science, it was quite easy!What I was looking for:  an end to dry patches of flaky skin.  I have good clear skin, but at 62 I have had endless problems with flaky skin.  I also have very sensitive skin, so using a washcloth and also using the exfoliating cleansers so often in my attempts to control dry patches left me with red, irritated skin...and still flaky.  Nothing seemed to help.I was worried that the CS or this one would leave me with very red, inflamed skin from the brushes and the cleansing action.  Not so.  Ten days of using this and there has been zero redness or irritation from its use, and my skin is smooth as silk and best of all,  no more flakes or dry rough patches.  I've always washed my skin carefully, but it has never felt this smooth and silky, I see a definite difference from using this.  I didn't expect to like the Olay exfoliating cleanser (I've tried some of their other cleansers which were too harsh), but I really like this one...it's extremely mild with very tiny granules in a creamy base, but thus far I'm using it only every few days, no need to use it daily.  My current favorite am/pm cleanser is Aveeno's ultra calming cleansing cream, which works wonderfully with this device.  I use the Pro-X every evening, and occasionally in the morning on a dry spot here or there if I detect any sign of flakes anywhere.  So using the Pro-X once a day is not too much when used with a gentle cleanser.  You do not push the brushes into your skin; rather, you just let them barely touch the skin and slowly move the brush around.  It feels wonderful....so much so that you don't want to stop!The brushes are incredibly soft, by the way.  As for the two speeds, I don't see a huge difference in the two.  The first, slightly slower speed might be better when using the exfoliating cleanser, and the faster one for just regular daily cleansers. But really, the difference in the two speeds is barely detectable if at all.  And by the way, a couple of reviewers mentioned that this device flings water all over...absolutely NOT SO.  I held it away from my face to see what it would do, and it didn't send any water anywhere at all.  I can't imagine what these folks did to produce that effect!I can't comment on how long the batteries last yet.  If they seem to go too fast, I may get the rechargeables recommended in an earlier review.I also can't compare to the Clairsonic.  They do work differently, apparently.  The CS vibrates very fast....I saw one in Sephora the other day and was able to turn it on.  Its brush was very soft, and it didn't seem like it would be in the least bit harsh.  The vibration of its bristles did seem different from Olay's device,  which rotates in a circular direction rather than just vibrating.  Somehow I think this rotation might work better for the flakiness issues, but I wouldn't really know unless I tried them both.  However, at the Olay price point, I'm 100% happy with this product and I've stopped lusting after the Clairsonic, no need to spend that much money since I'm getting the results I want from the Olay.A final comment:  You can over-do putting products on your skin, and you can increase skin problems because of what you are putting on your skin...overkill, if you will.  I saw this for myself.  In trying to stop the irritation, redness, dry patches and flaking, I was using too many products, and my skin was reacting to all these things.  What ended up working best was gently cleaning my skin with very gentle no-fragrance cleansers (Cetaphil is fabulous, the Aveeno I'm using is as well), and avoiding harsh products because they are not needed.  I found that less is more."
Have used these products for about 3 years now.  I will never go back! Leaves my hair so smooth and soft with no tangles after a shower.
Smells delicious and gives a good matte bronze. Not too orange. Also layers nicely. It is a little heavy so apply with a light hand. I would compare it to LORAC matte bronzer. Both give a good brown matte bronze.
"I cannot comment on how this specialized conditioner would work in conjunction with the other Tresemme products that it is designed to accompany.  But as a stand-alone conditioner, it applied smoothly, had a pleasant scent, was easy to rinse out, and left my hair feeling good."
"Hair products can be such an individual thing.  Everyone's hair is different.  I happen to love this shampoo and conditioner!Here's why I love these products:* The pleasant smell.  The light scent stays on my hair all day.  I especially like the rosemary smell of the conditioner.* It preserves my color.  My hair is highlighted and it stays looking good for several months if I use this shampoo.* It is just as effective as the expensive salon products.  I'll admit it; I've fallen prey to buying the $50.00 salon products.  Sure they worked, but so does L'Oreal. And L'Oreal is almost 1/5 the price!* The conditioner leaves my hair so smooth and silky.  Since I have fine hair, I don't use the conditioner every time I shampoo, but about once a week.The one small downside is that it doesn't seem to clean my hair as thoroughly as sulfate-based shampoos.  This isn't just a L'Oreal thing though; I've found this to be the case with any sulfate-free shampoo.  It's a trade-off between preserving one's hair color and having one's hair squeaky clean."
"I didn't expect Lysol to make a foaming hand soap . I've always equated Lysol with laundry products and bathroom sprays. I was pleasantly surprised by the Foaming Soap. It has a pleasing fragrance and is easy on the skin. You don't need a large amount, just a few drops to get your hands clean and fresh. If you like hand soaps from a bottle, you will like Lysol Foaming Hand Soap. Try it."
"Just as described, deep, rich brown!  This is a great fall color!  And Harmony Gelish shellac is my fav brand to use!"
"Great product. I love it. The smell is just awesome. Definitely re-ordering. It leaves my skin feeling wonderful, nice and soft."
"I used to only use this product when I went to the tanning salon. It gives results quickly and works very well but I wouldn't go as far to say it's the best I have ever used. It gives you a dark tan and doesn't leave you with orange palms. It has a really great smell to it and isn't too thick or too thin. It rubs in well into your skin and makes you feel smooth. The issue to me is price because I have found other products that work just as well as this lotion but is less then half the price of this bottle. I no longer use this product because of price, I refuse to pay so much for a lotion that delivers the same as other cheaper brands."
Really really good! It giver the eyelashes a perfect look! very wide open eyes and it is very easy to use.
"My parents used to use this shampoo on my sister and me all of the time, It's a nice smelling shampoo..I would reccomend it"
"I love this conditioner it makes your hair gives your hair so much shine,less frizz and makes it so soft. I was so so happy to see Amazon had a seller selling the large size at such a great price and with free shipping. I recive this product a few days later after I order it."
"I used to only buy the gelish harmony brand gel polish until i saw IBD was a little cheaper. I decided to go ahead and buy and I am so glad that I did!I love this color first off. It's a hot pink - super cute! I like to use it for accents or leopard prints.The polish is a good thin consistency. I am going to start buying IBD from now on! Plus, I feel like this color lasts longer."
"First off my hair is pretty long waist length in fact also its very coarse and frizzy when i get out the shower and dry so i tend to wear it in braids due to the time it takes to dry and style if i want it straight. I was very scared to use this after all these horrible reviews but I have to say i must be one of the fortunate ones cause i just used it and my hair is very shiney and really smooth. I didnt use it the way the instructions said though either so that could be why.I put it on my ""unwashed"" hair for 20 mins like the box instructedRinsed and then turned around and deep conditioned in the sink with my silkience conditionerThen put in my leave in ""its a ten plus keratin"" conditoner with my chi silk infusion and some organix penerating morracian aragon oil for extra extra dry hair along with my keratin complex infusion replenisher for my endsThen i applied the blow dry prefector cream like instructedThen i blow dryed on the low warm setting and ran my fingers through it to dry it instead of a round brush or combThen i straightened it with the 450 degrees settingon my herstylerI found i didnt get great results with the 450 setting..... my hair wasnt as straight and it looked dry on my front layers not smooth and straight like the box said it would .....so i pulled out my straightner that reaches 500 degrees and wow what a difference! My hairs smooth shiny and my ends are looking good! I know using all the products in between just makes it more of a process but im not letting heat touch my hair unprotected and thats obviously what happens when you use these two products alone. It does smell horrible im not gonna lie but even for my waist length hair i didnt use half of either bottle i tried to stay away from my scalp and root area and focused mainly from shoulders down....ill probably use it again depending on how long it takes for dry time in the future 7 washes will be my guide i guess."
"I have been using Banana Boat products for years.  They have a fine line of high SPF (sun protection factor for the uninitiated) products which adhere well to the skin and resist sweat and water.I have highly sensitive skin, one which gradually tans over time with care.  I have been a river floater and a water park participant in the summer, and I ski in the winter, and, in both seasons, sunscreen is absolutely essential.  With the right application and the proper reapplications, my skin has been kept burn-free.One difference I have noticed is the disappearance of PABA.  Thought to be harmful (Some alleged experts saying it was worse than overexposure to the sun.) PABA is out and other ingredients are in. Hopefully, these ingredients will stand up to the test of time. Fair-skinned outdoor enthusiasts like me are depending on it."
"I admit it. I am a huge fan of Clearasil. Despite being forty-something, I still get breakouts from time to time. Clearasil always does the job without any fancy bells or whistles. What you see is what you get. First off, I like the flip top. It's easy to open for someone with hand issues like arthritis. The cleanser is rich and creamy. It removes make-up, dirt, and oil. It also doesn't leave behind any residue. It unclogs pores and eliminates the bacteria. My skin feels soft and silky. Be careful not to get it in your eyes! I will most certainly purchase this product again."
"I got this brush to use as a blending brush. It works great for putting colors into the crease and for blending out other colors. The bright yellow handle makes it easy to find in my makeup brushes. Great quality, little to no shedding."
I have had the product for 1 month  and it silky and it smells good and my skin looks younger and much nicer  it really works  you can tell from the minute you put it on!
"I bought these for a two week trip to Europe.  They worked great, with no leaks, and enough product for one male for two weeks, with a little left over in each container.  Could have gone three weeks easy.  In them I had shampoo, conditioner, and face wash.  No problems at all.  Products used were Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Shampoo and Conditioner, and dermalogica dermal clay."
"I actually bought this at a local store on clearance for under two dollars; and, even though I truly did not believe that it would work, I thought for less than two bucks I had little to lose by trying it. I have very long (almost to my waist) extremely fine hair. I love my hair; but, as far as tangles are concerned, it is a nightmare. I spend several hours every day trying to untangle, unknot, and arrange my hair after sleeping, riding in a car, standing in the wind, wearing any type of jewelry, etc... I spent a fortune on expensive conditioners and detanglers trying to find one that would allow me to simply comb out my hair after washing without hours spent fussing with snarled and knotted hair. When I finally used this I could not believe something so inexpensive, so easy to use, so simple in construction and design could work...but it did. As far as I am concerned, this cheap-looking little lump of plastic is pure magic. Believe the hype because if you have long hair it will change your life."
My daughter takes ballet multiple times a week and has to have a slicked back bun with no flyaways and this product works well without being overly smelly or wet and it washes out easily.
I was drawn to this cute hair clip. I have two they are so sparkly cute and unique. I don't think I have ever seen anyone wear one and I like to be different.
"These are exactly what I was expecting! The tape is really good and perfect for what I was looking for.The time in which they arrived was a lot sooner than anticipated! When they arrived, I noticed the package was very thin, however, when I opened the package I noticed the invoice was in plastic. Upon opening the invoice encased in plastic, the tape came out and they are individually wrapped in plastic bags. It is exactly what I had hoped for. There was absolutely nothing wrong with any of them, and they are perfect for my nail designing. The price is really good for getting all 10 of these. I highly recommend this product and this seller!"
"I generally don't like 2-in-1 products (I prefer separate shampoo and conditioner), but this is a very nice product. It has a pleasant smell and seems to work well for what it's supposed to do. Recommended."
"I have long hair, which I wear up on my head. All of my other shower caps were too small and all of the hair around my hairline would be wet after a shower. With this cap, I can leave my hair up, with a big hair clasp or comb n the top of my head, and the cap STILL covers every bit of my hair. I am impressed! The cap is of good quality, and a great deal for a low price. I am very satisfied with this cap and have ordered another one for travel. The hotel shower caps are just tiny and do little more than to perch on top of my head.I have also ordered 2 of these as gifts for other family members. I have experienced mo problems with this type of cap. It is wonderful to be able to shower, then go out, without the hair on the edges being wet."
"I think this brush does miracles! My hair is so thin and i always had problems with teasing my hair and giving it  volume that'll last. I bought so many other brushes and their bristles will fall out, very poor quality. And teasing my hair with a teasing comb wasnt working at all... it breaks your hair and you have to do alot more teasing in order to get desired results. This brush gives you the perfect volume with little effort! Its a great quality brush and will not break your hair as much.This brush is shaped to tease as close as possible to the scalp and work your way up, you dont have to tease furosiously.  It does wat it says it'll do,im very happy with this product!"
"I have had a lot of fun with these tools.  I use them for egg painting, nail polish design and other craft products."
yeah it was really good. it made my hair shiny (dry on my ends) but all aside it did what it was supposed to and smelled nice.
"Good product. Cancels redness well and doesn't have a scent to it which is good. It's a great size and a little goes a long way. Just a heads up for anyone whose redness is dry and flaky, it is a waxy consistency so you'll need to make sure you moisturise well before applying the product. Wouldn't purchase it again as my skin is just not in a good condition for it.Shipped fast and arrived in excellent condition."
"I've been having such dry skin lately due to the never-ending Minnesota winter , so having this extra moisture and soothing serum has made a huge difference. I feel like it has not only helped combat dry skin and even out the color and texture of my skin, but it's given me a nice glow as well.My skin can sometimes be sensitive to new skincare products, but I have had nothing but good results with this Vitamin C Serum. It's very gentle and works nicely. I recommend it."
"I have tired everything out there and Nizoral is the only product that's ever worked for me. It's a bit expensive and it's only a 4 oz bottle, but I just add it to my shampoo, and it works great."
"The world of airbrushed makeup is totally new to me, but I can't think of a better system to start with if this describes you also. The system could not be easier to set up and use. The learning curve is a little steep but not quite as steep as I expected. Right now I find that it works best in a pinch but going forward I can see that there are many more possibilities than just saving time. I am going to need more practice but this seems like a great little system so far."
I'VE BEEN USING THESE FOR A YEAR NOW AND THEY MAKE MY MAKEUP LOOK FLAWLESS. THESE ARE DUPES OF THE BEAUTY BLENDER. I USE THEM DAMP AND BLOT LIKE A SPONGE.
"It works better after ironing your hair for those who have curly hair already. I really like the waves, they have the perfect sizes and shape"
clips hold up very well and i love the colors  i wear hair extension so good for holding up my hair while it straighten my hair
"There really isn't anything bad I can say about this sunscreen. It provides a decent amount of protection from the sun while also moisturizing the skin. It's not at all greasy, but I still felt like I had sunscreen on after applying it (you know, that slightly sticky feeling that seems to be ubiquitous with sunscreen products). In terms of moisturizing, it seemed effective, but I would still suggest using your normal moisturizing lotion prior to sunscreen application. The product has a very light scent, but nothing overpowering or overwhelming."
These brushes are very comparable to the high-end brushes you would buy from the mall or expensive makeup stores. The difference is they're affordable and eco-friendly. Very soft brushes and hair does not fall out even after washing them every 2 weeks to maintain care. Great quality for price paid!
I ordered this after reading reviews about how great this product is. So far I must say I am impressed. Since I've been using this my hair has been softer and just feels healthier. I mix it with other oils because its sooo thick. I haven't seen the rapid growth as some but the overall health of my hair is better...I like this product a lot.
"I've tried several different types of Vitamin C serums recently and honestly, there's no comparison. Even Glow is totally different from all the rest - It spreads easily and has a nice thickness and consistency, absorbs quickly, smells citrus-y like a Vitamin C serum should, and it leaves my skin feeling hydrated and renewed. It really does give my skin a healthy glow.This is one of my new favorite skincare products and I use it every day before applying moisturizer. Sometimes I even use it 2-3 times a day when I have extra dry skin. It makes my skin feel so soft and renewed, and I highly recommend it. You can use it for anti-aging, hydration, or overall healthy skin - this stuff does it all!"
I used to go tanning and this product worked for me ... I am white like a ghost ... I burn and I don't get brown ...this actually make me look good ... I looked like I had olive skin tone when I started tanning and amazon price was 1/2 price less than a tanning salon ... It smell good too !
"This sinks immediately into the skin. It's very light weight but provides enough moisture to keep my combination skin hydrated and not feeling tight. I have a warmer complexion and this does not leave a white sun screen cast either. About two pumps of this product covers my face and neck. Overall I really have no complaints. I've invested in products that were 5 times more expensive and higher end and this has outperformed them. What's even better is that this has the packaging helps keep the retinol stable, there are traces of green tea in this and the formula contains amounts of two forms of Vitamin E. The only negative thing is that this seriously burns if you get it too close to your eyes."
"I have used this as my winter scent for a few years now. I am a flight attendant, so I want a scent that will last the day, but isn't too strong and this fits the bill. It has a pronounced scent of coconut which I love and mixed with vanilla and amber. It is a warm, familiar scent without smelling like candy. I get compliments every day on it and people say ""you smell great,"" not ""I like your perfume."" My other favorite is Thierry Mugler Angel, but I found it is wayyyy too strong for an airplane, so I wear that when I'm going out. If you like Angel, you will enjoy Crystal Noir. It is warm and inviting and yet subtle at the same time."
"My Wife uses Biore strips, and with those you get an instant result.  You peel off the strip and you have a little forest of stuff that's been ripped from your pores.  This is far less dramatic, but just as useful.  This will prevent, or at least help prevent those pores from getting clogged in the first place.  So far, it is doing a great job.  The real test came from using a Biore strip after almost two weeks of using the scrub.  The harvest from the strip was almost nothing.  That's proof enough for me that this is effective."
"I have been using this item for almost a month now. I purchased it for my skincare toner. It works very nice! At first i was confused, and thought that maybe it was broken till I saw the turn arrow on the top of the press down cap which unlocks it. Figured it out, and now it is my favorite item to use! I am going to get another for nail polish remover!"
"Keeps my jewels, pearls and/or studs on. Dries my nails quickly. I am glad I bought this super fast drying top coat instead of S.V."
I love this stuff!!! I have naturally curly hair and this is all the styling product I need. I wash my hair and then use about a dime-size amount of this product. A little blow dry action to help the curl and I am done! I will definitely be purchasing more of this in the future. It's great for frizz control and dry hair.
"As others say, this does smell great and is an outstanding value.  I never thought I would like a shampoo this inexpensive this much, but it is pretty darn good.  Does not leave my hair feeling stripped nor do I feel like I need a huge amount of it like in other cheaper products.  Only issue is that you may want to put in a pump since the size is a bit awkward to handle."
Got the product I wanted! Although it took awhile to get I was aware of that! Came in a cushioned bag!
"Full disclosure, I used to work for P&G.;  However, that does not influence for good or for bad my opinions of their products.  Hands-down, Pantene Pro-V conditioners are my favorite because they make my fine hair soft and shiny and don't make it feel heavy or greasy like some of the other conditioning products.  For my fine wavy hair, though, I stick with the classic because it seems to give it just enough conditioning without causing the natural waves to either drop out or get too curly.Great for Fine hairDoesn't feel greasyMinimal, pleasant Scentgood value"
"I'm obsessed with the powers of cocoa butter, and this oil is a perfect way to reap the benefits. I use it on my face and hands. It's not greasy, and I think it smells great. My makeup goes on smooth over it, and it feels good on the skin. I have fancy, ridiculously expensive moisturizers, but I don't use them, I use this."
"I ordered this product based on the good reviews and cheap price while honestly not expecting much. It came around 2-3 weeks later and I find this to be a great product. I don't think there are 3,000 in this box but I would've still purchased this product. It came in a container that neatly separates the different colors. I like that better than the wheel cases since that tends to get messy for me."
"I absolutely love this color.  It is a deep blue topaz color with blue topaz, pink, silver glitter.  The product photo looks to be a pale sky blue which is not the case.  It goes on well (sometimes have to &#34;dab&#34; the glitter) and is long lasting. Glad I bought it!"
"This UV light is an excellent product! It arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I've had my nails done for decades at a nail salon and this light/dryer seems better than the ones used at the salon. It's easy to use and it very quickly dries and cures the gel polish. The cost is what I used to pay for only 2 visits to have my nails done professionally, so I'm saving money now every couple of weeks! I highly recommend this product and seller."
"This is a great conditioner.I love how it makes my hair feel after shampooing. This does a good job on performance, leaving your hair manageable and shiny and full of life. I also have to say the scent is wonderful. Getting out of a steamy shower this scent smells up the whole bathroom. I have sinuses and this did not irritate them at all. The scent is so fresh and outdoors  , that it will take you away for a few minutes."
It is much more convenient in capsule and easy to take.I am very impressed because there are so many benefits you will get from this product. I will order again!
"I was in high school when these first came out in the 90's, the salt ionizer version.  LOVED THEM THEN.  This version doesn't use the salt and is a bit more portable (smaller) and the variation of rollers has greatly improved. Also, it steams faster!  However, the overall concept and ease of use is the same.I adore these rollers, short or long hair, course or fine...they will give you plenty of lasting volume withOUT any heat damage.  Best of all, they can stand the test of many year.A great hair investment, I must say!"
"I'm fairly impressed with this hair dryer.  I had been using a professional Conair hair dryer for the last 13 years, which I noticed wasn't getting as hot as it used to.  This BaByliss dryer gets extremely hot on the highest setting.  I have very thick, wavy hair, so drying my hair has always been a chore.  With this hair dryer, my drying time down by at least 1/3, if not in half.  I also notice that I don't have to use a straightening iron anymore because this dryer gets so hot that it blows my hair straight.  I also like that the motor is very powerful, yet the dryer is extremely light.  I enjoy holding it at the very top of the neck between my forefinger and thumb while drying my hair bent over.  I'm still amazed at how light this dryer is.One thing I've noticed is that there's a little plastic part that goes over two screws at the base of the hair dryer, right above the hook.  I looked at two identical BaByliss dryers and on both of them, this plastic cover was loose in the box.  It doesn't secure tightly either and just keeps falling off.  I eventually tossed it in a drawer.  I'm sure it's only used for cosmetic purposes to hide these two screws, so it's not a big deal.  Another thing I'm not crazy about the rubber hook; I'm afraid it's eventually going to tear away, so I now lay my dryer down instead of hanging it on the wall.Overall, it's a good, lightweight hair dryer with a powerful motor and more than adequate heating ability.  It's not particularly quiet, but the noise is not so loud that it's irritating to use.  I also like that it doesn't have that high-pitched, ear-piercing whine that you find with a lot of other hair dryers.  It also has a 4-year warranty and if you haven't noticed, it's made in Italy."
"I don't mind pale color, that other reviewers ate complaining about, actually I was looking for pale, kind of pinker nude version of NYX ""Circe"" lip color, but what I DO mind is the frosty look this lipstick has, unlike ""Circe "" which is very matte. Still it's my favorite from nyx lipsticks ."
"So after my first use I noticed my breakouts got a lot worse, but like other have said it gets worst before it gets better. I have been using daily for the last 5 days and my skin is almost entirely clear. Still some small bumps, but will eventually use twice a week. Great value for amount and the results are brag worthy."
"I bought this comb set thinking that I would only be able to find something like it online, (little did I know it was at Wal-Mart for a bit cheaper) and it works...very well? What can I say, it's a set of combs that does exactly what it's supposed to do! However, while I was detangling my hair witht eh wide two-sided comb, one of the three picks on the bottom broke and I was quite disappointed at that&#8212;it's the only reason why this product is receiving 4 stars instead of 5."
I don't have many deep wrinkles yet but I do have stretch marks that concern me around my tummy area and the back of my legs. This serum works to lighten them. A lot of people think that serums are only for the face but you can use it anywhere on your body where you need it. I actually have a bunch of light stretch marks over my hips and buns and this stuff works nicely on them. This company sends everything nicely packaged so you don't have to worry about cracking or spillage. I would totally recommend this serum for anyone looking for a product to use on stretch marks from my own experience. I'm not sure how it would do on really rigid dark stretch marks because mine are the light kind. I'm sure it would work perfectly to help diminish them over time though. There is no overpowering scent to this serum and its easily absorbed into the skin. This serum is a little thicker in consistency but doesn't leave any type of residue. I love it!
By just looking at this subtle yellow for my collection makes me smile. I wanted a bright but pastel yell and I got it in this bottle.
Glad they lowered the price.....Sea Buckthorn Seed Oil......the new big thing will see if it's as good as they say....I write more in another review!~
"I have fine hair and already own a Sonia Kashuk paddle brush that has a mixture of boar and nylon bristles, so I figured this brush would work great too.  The boar bristles in this brush are great for distributing oils and the nylon bristles are great for grabbing onto my hair (which is thick even though it's fine).  I also like that this brush does not cause static flyaways or pull and tug at my hair.  This is a great, affordable brush that makes blowouts so much easier.Important notes: brushes with natural bristles are recommended for all hair types as they do less damage to hair.  Also, if you were wondering what size to get, the smaller the diameter of the brush, the more lift and volume it provides."
"I use this glue for full cover nails and it works perfectly! As long as you apply the nail and glue properly, it works like a charm. For instance if I hold the nail for only a few seconds the glue will only last about 4 days, if i hold it for 10 seconds, it can last well over a week. Only complaint is that it takes forever to get to me, but for the quality/price of this glue that doesn't even matter. Will most diffidently be purchasing this again"
"these flat- back pearls are beautiful, very dainty design. so far, i have done many designs for spring and winter. very easy to use, add beauty to regular nails"
"I have very sparse, light brows that I spend five minutes filling in every morning (I have fine medium-brown hair).  I've gone through all sorts of high- and low-end brow products and I found that the Rimmel eyebrow pencil in Hazel, MAC eyeshadow in Cork, and now, the holy grail of all eyebrow products: Model in a Bottle Eyebrow Sealer.This stuff WORKS.  It comes with a spoolie brush and a paint brush (like in a nail poilsh), but I prefer the spoolie as it gets less product on your brows.  Apply it sparingly or it will harden with a whiteish crust--this seems to be the product's only flaw.  When I take my makeup off at night I have to rub pretty hard with a makeup remover wipe to get my brows off!  I ran a half marathon and sweated copiously for two hours and my brows STILL looked perfect at the end.The product seems to last a long time as well; I've had mine for a month and I've hardly put a dent in it.  I will definitely be repurchasing--maybe even stocking up--I would be devestated if this product was ever discontinued!"
"these are pretty lashes. I liked them. They didn't look how I thought they would look, but they are pretty."
"I love this stuff, that and Purity Made Simple.  That smells a little like Medicine also, but I think that the line was first made for people with skin problems and eventually made it to regular old ladies (55 soon) But it is great for all ages.  I am just one of those people that was blessed with skin that took awhile to show wrinkles. I started with the line 4 years ago and have been very happy with 95% of the products.  Some things just don't work for everyone."
"This really is a nice color!  I like the packaging, too.  I read several reviews that said this blush lasted all day.  I don't think that's the case.  It does have nice pigmentation, so it lasts longer than others, but definitely NOT all day.  However, I would definitely buy this again, and would like to try the other colors, too ."
"I have had other wraps before but didn't like them.  This one is terrific.  It absorbs really, really well.  It is a nice fit.  I have bought it for all of my sister in laws.  Love it."
"This is wonderful, does not dry my skin, matter of fact my skin feels smooth and looks very healthy after use, perfect for everyday use as described ! and great to use under make up! i love this! only issue was the scent, it didnt have a sweet smell, but i guess thats a good thing because that means its not loaded with perfume or all sorts of unhealthy stuff!"
Aveeno is a great product line.  This facial wash cleans without drying or clogging.  I do follow it with a good facial moisturizer.
Got these and started playing with my nail polishes imediately. I have never owned any nail art tools and have never really used any. Yes all the points on one side of the tools are the same but the difference of size on the other sies are fine. Great Deal!
"Not too red, not too orange, not to pink- Raizin is JUST right for brown skinned girls.  I love this blush- it's my new signature blush color."
"These are very nice dotting tools with a good selection of sizes.  They work well and clean easily.  If you're into nail art or just want to add a little something extra to a solid color manicure, this is a must have set."
"I had been frequenting a fairly pricey salon for the last few years, because it was the only place I'd found that would leave me feeling satisfied after each appointment. The problem? It got way too expensive, and I just couldn't continue to afford going every few months. A year ago, I stopped going and told myself I'd find a cheaper place. Well, that never happened. I don't consider myself a vain woman by any means, but I've wasted a lot of money and time over the years on botched haircuts and dye jobs. I didn't have the heart to go through that again. This resulted in my going a year - yes, an entire year - without a haircut. Although my layers were still evident, they were quite shaggy and shapeless.I discovered the Creaclip on youtube, watched a bunch of videos, and read what other people had to say. The reviews were overwhelmingly positive, so I ordered one. It arrived very quickly (today, in fact), and I immediately put it to use. I started by taking off half an inch or so. I have to say, this thing is really, really easy to use. I've never cut hair in my life, but, within a few minutes, I was creating layers all over the place! This product easily gave me results similar to those I've gotten in the pricey salons. I'm not discounting hair-dressers or their work, but I'm a very low-maintenance, do-it-yourself kind of gal, and this product is exactly what I've been looking for. Not only do I save loads of money, I also save my time. Plus, it's kind of fun to use.This product does a great job, but the material itself seems cheap. I'm not sure why these clips are priced so high. I ordered it off of the Creaclip site, which sells for a few dollars cheaper than Amazon. Still, I caught on quickly; the clips are extremely user-friendly and foolproof; and I'm very pleased with the results."
"The bomb.com! detangles like a charm hunty! hahah. Good for african american hair, or anyones hair that creates a tangly mess from time to time."
"They don't really show the best color when applied.I have noticed it appears to fade after a hour of  wearing it and I was very disappointed.This product arrived in good condition, only 2 of the eyeshadows had popped out."
"After receiving this product, I pass it on to my teenage stepdaughter due to her skin issues. She stated that Olay professional pro-x advanced cleansing system indeed did make a great difference to her skin. After having used it for about one month, she experienced that her skin not only looked much brighter but also looks beautiful.What was nice about this cleansing system was the fact that apart from being easy to use, this tool actually helped to remove all the dirt and grime from her skin in a rather simple and effective manner. As a result, she now experienced less breakouts and lesser appearance of black heads on her face- making her skin look just clean and healthy. What's more, this water resistant tool indeed just made it convenient for her to use it under the shower.This cleansing system has now become an integral part of her skin care routine. In fact this tool also helped her to remove her make- up successful. Priced at $29.99, Olay professional pro-x advanced cleansing system according to her proves to be a great aid to help her with her skin."
"After going through several other curling irons, I find this the most effective.  It has a number of advantages but a downside too.  I'm not experienced with the use of these things and expect I'll like it even better with practice, but I was able to get nice long lasting curls even on my first try.My hair is short and thin and I need all the lift and fluffiness I can get.  I also have shoulder issues and can't hold my arms up at length.  Because this iron get really hot, it sets the curl fast which I appreciate.  It also heats up really fast, another advantage.  I like the fact that the cord doesn't get in the way due to its ability to rotate as you move the wand around and I like the wand rest that lets me put it down without worry about burning my vanity surface.  It really is hot enough to use in 30 seconds (or less) and I can go from one curl to another immediately without waiting.All is good for setting curls when my hair is first washed and dried, but not quite as good a day or so later if I want to pump up the volume again, because I use hair spray to hold my style and the sprayed hair then wants to stick to the barrel.  Not sure if this is a problem with all curling irons, but I haven't noticed it before.  Perhaps because this one gets so hot, and/or because of the barrel material it's more of an issue.  Might even be the type of hair spray I use.  Bottom line though the heat seems to melt the spray sort of so my hair sticks during further uses.That may not be an issue for others, especially if you wash your hair every day or don't need to reset your style between washings and I didn't even take a star off for it, because in all other ways I've found this wand much superior to others and the one I'll continue to use regardless of this drawback. It's something to be aware of though."
"I think sweet tart has a bit of cool tone in it, but it's okay. I have a very very very warm-toned, tanned asian skin but it looked fine on me!!! Resembles my Dior Addict lipstick in cruise but it's a little bright. If youre a pink girl, don't hesitate to get this. One of my favorite lipstick from now on &#60;333"
"If you've never tried this Japanese bath cloth then your skin is missing out.  My skin has never felt so clean and refreshed.  I bought the 3 pack, because I'll never buy a loofa again!"
I was very skeptical about Argan oil and have stayed away from it while the whole world was raving about it. I ordered this one after thinking about it for a long time. This is money well spent. I have been using this on my hair and skin and I love it already. Delivery was quick and the bottle reached safely.  It will take pages to explain how soft my hair and skin feel after only 3 uses of this oil. This brand seems like the real deal I am stocking up. I am going to reorder 3 more bottles for myself and my sister.
"Love this. Love it so much. Doesn't take nearly as much as roll on, and it smells so good, lasts for months even if you use it daily like you should *cough*"
"Love Cetaphil!  Used to spend big bucks on those fancy dancy products at the dept. store.  Tried this at the recommendation of a dermatologist who told me all that I really wanted was a good moisturizer....that a prescription would be needed by those companies if they lived up to their claims.....I've been using Cetaphil ever since....also the cleanser.You just can't go wrong.  It's  non -greasy, keeps your skin moist all day....and before you go to bed, after washing your face, all night!  It can be used all over your body actually:  those elbows!I get told all the time that I look much younger than I am, and also that my skin is beautiful....well, I dunno about all that, but any help I get is because of Cetaphil.  I also like bare minerals radiance (slight shimmer) and Nars for some of their liquids (blushes) that I put on to make my skin have a dewy look."
This is a good product to put on your hair just before you get into the shower. The heat from the shower makes the product soak into yur scalp.
"I saw this at a hair salon and they were asking too much for it. This item is a leave in conditioner, voluminizer, heat protectant. I think it has alchol in it which can be drying. When i get out of the shower, after shampoo and conditioner, I use this item and scrunch up my hair. I will run my hair dryer through it and this is a great item. I get the beach wave look."
"Vaseline body lotion is an excellent product and to use on your hands. I have used that this lotion for many years and it usually never lets me down. I was impressed with how well it works, with the exception of severely stubborn cracks in my skin. It took daily use for about two weeks to actually begin to see any results. This is not the products fault it is how much water my hands have been in and our severely cold winter. The Al and cucumber aroma was pleasant however it was relatively strong. Him him and you would not want to use this lotion with your perfume.I hope this recommendation will help you and all I ask is that you give it a try and use it very religiously throughout the day."
I'm not sure if it was because this was shipped in hot weather or what but this does not foam up like traditional mousse it just sort of drizzles out in this goop. However the goop works perfectly! I get lots of bounce and a light texture to my hair. I'll get this product again but maybe from a store next time.
"Works well  as a bug repellent, I even used it to make my own homemade bug repellent for the dog"
"Hello.  My name is Leah Marie and I am a bit of a hair products junkie.  It started when I hit puberty.  First, I would pilfer my mother&#8217;s products.  Soon, I was a complete addict &#8211; spending all of my babysitting money on gels and mousses.&#8226; Shampoos&#8226; Clarifiers&#8226; Conditioners&#8226; Glosses&#8226; Glazes&#8226; Temporary color&#8226; Leave-in conditioners&#8226; Smoothers, thickening spray, beach hair spray&#8230;&#8230;I&#8217;ve tried it all.I have my favorites (like Hemp&#8217;s now-discontinued orange shine spray and Aveda&#8217;s Damage Remedy), but I am too liberal to remain beholden to one line.I ordered this product because I was mega impressed with Toni and Guy&#8217;s Leave-in Conditioner (fabulous scent, leaves hair soft and manageable, half the price of Aveda&#8217;s Damage Remedy).  I like this product but not as much as Hemp&#8217;s Smoothing Spray.  First, I prefer a spray product so I can spray it on my brush and distribute it more evenly.  Second, this product smells good, is reasonably priced, and works well, but if you are a wee too heavy-handed you will end up with greasy, weighed down tresses.  I made that mistake before an important portrait session and deeply regretted it when I got back the pictures:  oily bangs are SO unsexy.I am glad I tried this product - but I don't think I would grab for it before other smoothing products."
"So I wear false eyelashes.  Most of mine fell out, so I wear the falsies every day I put makeup on.  I've used the little plastic applicator tool some of the eyelashes come with, I've used tweezers, I've used my fingers.  This little tool has made this process easier than anything else I've ever tried.  One thing to note, it doesn't hold the lashes as tight as you'd think it would, but as long as you keep pressure applied, they won't fall."
"I have yet to find a better bronzer. This is for your every day use. There is no illuminator in the powder so it goes on matte but looks great morning, noon and night."
"Love the feel of the lotion. And that it's got tons of moisture, but doesn't leave that nasty residue on your hands. It smells great as well. And my husband is okay with it because it's not the ""girly"" scent! :)"
"the key is to get the right color, blend in, doesn't get too thick like the sticks do, soft and lightweight"
"I have tried several mineral sunscreens for my kids, including California Baby, and I like this one the best.  It rubs on easily, soaks in well and doesn't leave the skin greasy.  Unlike California Baby sunscreen, it doesn't leave my kids looking like ghosts.  Their skin is soft after using this and works very well, no burns yet.  I also like that it has no scent."
"i have been using different kind and different brand I have to say in a very strong way no doubt it is by far the best i have ever used really dose it`s job, my husband used it and he told me how great it is and i should order more right away which  i did, gave one  to my daughter to try and she loves it too and using it every day now."
"This Burt's Bee Naturally Ageless Serum is wonderful.  I like it a lot, you only need to use a little and you see the differents right away."
I really like this foundation.  The color matches my skin tone perfectly.  It goes on smooth and doesn't feel or look heavy.  I've used products that were 3X as expensive but this is the best foundation I've found.
"Right now I am on day 4. It's a been pretty tough experience but I'm hanging in there. I don't like looking like the crypt keeper with a pastry fetish but I guess that comes with the territory. My kids are a little scared of me and my husband won't kiss me, haha.For anyone who is interested in reading my ""25% TCA peel diary"", please use the link to my blog. I am including my whole experience and everything in between with this product from start to finish.I will leave an update on here for the people who just want the final results when they happen. Thanks for looking!www dot uhapi dot wordpress dot com"
"I get calluses on my feet quite easily. I&#8217;ve used a variety of items to smooth out and remove those calluses. I really liked using the PROFOOT PEDI-ROCK FLEXIBLE CALLUS FOOT FILE. I found it easier to use than a metal file or a pumice stone. I found it to work slightly better than either of those items. The only drawback is that little black specks from the foot file come off when using it. Overall, the PROFOOT PEDI-ROCK FLEXIBLE CALLUS FOOT FILE is an easy-to-use tool to gently remove calluses."
"I find the other five not so pigmented. Great value though. Depending on what else is available at the time, ( fingers crossed for  Urban Decay going on special- unlikely, I know) I may repurchase."
Well actually I got this wig earlier than the expected delivery week and I had not had any trouble so the customer service I would rate a five starThe quality of this wig is great for it's price and that the fact it is a synthetic wigThe color is great it is a deep red not a very bright red but the color is vibrant and is so prettyI rate this product four star just because it is a synthetic wig and I do prefer synthetic wigs but human hair wigs are superiorI got the wig with to stocking caps but the wig had a funny odor but it left with a washThe wig is tolerable for everyday use too not just cosplay or Halloween...if you like red hair or to be different
"I love this nail polish, it's great. So pretty. I was wanting a good color for Fall & this one is perfect!"
I use these to try out different patters and colors to save my nails from the polish remover. It folds up so it doesn't take up much room.
"I am ALWAYS on the search for a great moisturizer that really performs well, and most of the time I am left dissappointed. Not this time though, the InstaNatural Anti-Aging Facial Moisturizer Cream is truly a product worth buying!I suffer from dry skin, and I live in a part of the country where during half of the year it is very old, and the other half is very warm. So my skin goes through drastic changes throughout the year. Trying to find products to help me with my dry skin is something I am always doing. I am truly glad that I have come across this product.I use this daily in the morning, after I have washed my face. A dime size amount is all I need to cover my face and neck area. It is a light cream that easily soaks into your skin, and leaves your face feeling so soft, smooth and hydrated. I use this under my makeup, and I never have a issue of my makeup smudging, or moving around during the day. It has become my new favorite daily moisturizer and replaced my prior cream that I was using.As far as the anti-aging, I really cannot comment on that, I am only 25 so I am not at that stage yet, however I am sure that using this will benefit my skin in years to come.Bottle is nicely sized, and it has a great pump dispenser which gives you just the right amount of product.I am truly loving this product, and I am using it on a daily basis, and have nothing negative to say about it! 5 star rating from me for sure!Please note that I was sent this product complimentary to try out in my home in order to share my honest experience, thoughts and review."
"Leaves my hair soft, shiny, and manageable but I don't notice it's had any effect otherwise. Can find the same properties for less expense, so I won't purchase this product again."
"This anti-dandruff shampoo contains Pyrithione Zinc (1.0%), which is the same anti-dandruff ingredient found in Head and Shoulders shampoos. Head and Shoulders is the shampoo my family (husband and sons) have been using for the past several years. They tried this line of anti-dandruff products and have had good results so far. My son says he prefers this line over Head and Shoulders because they smell better. They are lightly scented and I find that they are similar to the scent of the non anti-dandruff line we have tried from Clear.I've heard before that adding conditioner to shampoo does not really work because the shampoo just washes it out. My son said he didn't really notice a difference between the shampoo and the combined shampoo and conditioner that he tried, but since the price is the same it doesn't hurt to use the one with the added conditioner."
"I received a sample of this Refresh Skin Moisturizing Cream to review, together with the Refresh Hydrating Rose Glow Gel Facial Cleanser and the Refresh Fruit Acid Gel Peel... and all I can say is, &#34;WOW!&#34;Taken together, these three products applied before bedtime help restore a smooth, fresh, vibrant glow to my facial skin. This Refresh Moisturizing Cream works with just the smallest amount of product being applied, so a little truly goes a long way. This is similar to the other two Refresh products mentioned above. I only used this cream after first using the Refresh Hydrating Rose Glow Gel Deep Facial Cleanser and Refresh Skin Therapy Fruit Acid Gel Peel, so I can attest to the fact that for my skin (which tends to run on the slightly oily side), they work perfectly together.I've used other moisturizing creams, and am very particular about what products I use, since I have sensitive skin. Many over-the-counter products end up in my garbage can, simply because they cause my skin to break out. My skin requires pure natural ingredients, which is why I'm particularly impressed with this Refresh Skin Therapy product that I received as a free trial sample to review.Highly recommended!"
"I bought the wrong color.. Lol. It was a tad too light, so ill be mixing some darker foundation in to blend it out."
"I like these drill bits, but they are not good has the original drill bits I got with my manicure machine. I do use them but only for little things for my nails. Even sometimes they dont work at all."
Not greasy and dries smooth on your body. Smells pretty pleasant and clean not so much of the scent but more of the smooth creamy feel.
"I had always had a hard time keeping my hair soft, and moisturized. I used to use oil and water, but that just wasn't cutting it anymore. I did a search online and found this product. I thought this would be a great choice since it was a large amount for a very affordable price. Once I got it, I loved it!! I added oil to mine to make sure my hair was getting all of the moisture and oils that it needed. After that, it has been a wonder to work with. Around the crown area in front where my baby hair is looked a tad thinned out for some reason, and a few weeks of Silicon Mix has thickened it up and made it grow like magic!It does not leave my hair sticky, dry, hard or anything like other conditioners tend to do to many peoples' hair. I only use this as a leave in conditioner, and it has been great. I would suggest this to anyone looking for a leave in, on wet or dry hair. I cannot comment about it for use as a deep conditioner.Highly recommend, 5 stars."
"My hair is curly and thicker in texture. It leans more towards ""normal"" rather than ""oily"" so I was not sure how I would like using this shampoo. The company assured me that the shampoo had been reformulated to accomodate normal hair types as well as oily. OK... that's a little hard to understand because it seems to me that if the shampoo is a ""degreaser"" then it might be a little harsh on normal hair. And that's pretty much what my feelings are after having used it for the past 2 weeks.The shampoo has a very earthy fragrance. What was most evident from the very first use of it was that it is a very low-sudsing shampoo. Having such a low-suds shampoo takes some getting used to because you don't get the suds feedback you might be accustomed to. With little to no suds developing as you apply this to your hair and scalp and work it in, you're not sure if you are using enough product. It almost seemed like It wasn't doing anything. But if you then repeat and wash your hair again, the suds level increases to what I consider a more normal level.Given the cost of this shampoo, I tried a slightly different shampoo technique. I actually used a small quantity of my normal shampoo to pre-wash my hair and rinsed, then used the suggested ""quarter-size"" amount of this shampoo and washed my hair again. Doing it this way provided a much more enjoyable level of suds.I followed directions and massaged the shampoo into my scalp and hair and let it remain for several minutes before rinsing. My hair literally squeaked as I rinsed the shampoo out which never happens with my normal shampoo. To me that meant that the shampoo had really stripped my hair of all oil.Afterwards, when my hair had dried, it had lost a lot of its normal curl and so seemed flat to me. The fragrance was mild and did not linger for long and was of an earthy scent. I asked my wife to smell my hair and she said it smelled like ""potatoes."" I laughed and wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing. I've never had my hair described as smelling like potatoes before.I feel this shampoo is definitely more suited to people with hair that is not leaning towards normal, like mine, but more towards oily. It does what it claims to do. But normal hair types may not be totally happy with the degreasing effect and how it leaves your hair.For the proper audience, this is probably a good aid to help with oily hair and scalp conditions.I was provided a complimentary sample of the shampoo so that I could test it out and review it in return for honest feedback."
"I received my product in good condition and before the delivery date that's a plus, I rate this as a four star"
"I used Robocut for about four years before it died.  The results were acceptable for children's haircuts or quick touchups on the bangs.  If you are a stickler or need a precise cut, this might not be the right product for you.This product is easiest to use if you need to cut only one length all around.  It also works if you need to cut straight across, although that can be less precise.  I could cut my then three year old daughter's hair to shoulder length, but it would not work for longer hair.  I guess I could buy more extension tubes.Boys cuts are not too bad, but getting that graduated look can take practice and my son's hair was never perfect, since it sometimes did not graduate as nicely as I'd like.  You have to extend the length of the tube as you move up the zones of the head and I must have not been great at that.  The edges around the ears and neckline do not shave down neatly like they would with clippers.I originally bought it because I didn't think my son would sit still for a haircut.  I liked it because I could trim my bangs quickly, the children's cuts were easy to do and hair didn't go flying everywhere.  Professionally cut hair still looks better, though."
"just sprayed  it smells a little overwhelming at first.. as the tuberose stands out...  it then it fades into a sexy sultry fragrance.. definitely night wear,,, luv it"
"I am sick of ladies razors they never do a really good job of shaving and I do not have particularly thick or coarse hair but ladies razors never seem to do the trick. So I got this razor to see if more blades would do a better job and boy did they. A MUCH closer, smoother and cleaner shave on my underarms and legs. I think I will be using these men's razors from now on.Only gave it four stars because I have never used any other men's razors but compared to all the different women's razors these are a five star item!"
"I love this gel so much, it really helps create nice curls, smells really herbal and fresh, and adds shine. The whole line of Deva products is top notch"
"I thought I would give this natural soap a try.  I love the fact that it is natural and not full of nasty ingredients, that it is unscented and that it is economical.  It is  very thick which is awesome, so a little goes a long way.  Very happy with this purchase and plan on continuing purchasing this through Amazon.com."
"Muddy... shampoo? I know it's what you're thinking, I was a bit skeptical too! But hey, I love this company and I'll try anything once!Their shampoo has the same healing capabilities when applied to your scalp, delivering minerals, hydration, and itchiness relief. Add in chamomile and olive oil, and your scalp will never feel better! It did help with minor itches that I could have, but it wasn't a drastic impact for me (wasn't super itchy anyways). It cleans my hair well enough, making it a decent basic shampoo. I actually added some rosewater to my bottle because it tangled my hair something fierce when I first started using it. The rose water and the AH-amazing Adovia conditioner and that problem sorted itself out easily enough!I'm not sure if this is just because I have exceedingly thick hair, but I have also found myself needing to use a LOT of this silvery product to get it to sued and clean. Just something to be aware of, I guess?I've come to associate Adovia with high-quality, must-have, miracles-in-solid-form, and this shampoo just didn't live up to my previous goodies! I wish it worked better for me because it smells great and I (quite obviously) adore Adovia... but nope. Nada. *mope*"
"The large ones aren't natural looking but, the small ones are very! They are NOT bad quality for the price, definitely a good buy!"
Nice and looks like it cost more than it did.
GREAT PRODUCT!! Helps me outline my eye browns and all I have to do is wash them if they get dirty! Thank goodness!
"I love the other Olay products, so I got this one as a gift to give to my mother.  I assume this will be as good as the other products, but I'll see!"
"Solid Black is very, very good - the only reason I couldn't give it five stars was because it still lacks the truly profound bronzing necessary to see results after only a few sessions, however for the price I would argue it is unbeatable. If you don't want to spend the big bucks on the fancier products with tingle factors and all that other garbage, this is absolutely your best bet. Been through multiple bottles now, and the one thing I wanted to include in my review is THAT I WAS ABLE TO SEE AN OBVIOUS DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS 100X BRONZER AND THE LESSER (around 60X) BRONZERS, so I was very pleased overall with these purchases over the last few months)."
"I was worried these would be crappy brushes due top the low price, but they are great!!! Comes with eight pieces in a cute case and there ACTUALLY GOOD QUALITY!"
"When Bella & Bear contacted Everything Beauty and Beyond to review their eyelash curler, I was totally in!  I was actually so in, that I even bought one of these lovely gadgets for my sister and mailed it to her so that she could try it out as well!  You see I had the same eyelash curler for years.  However about 6 months ago it broke and so did my beautiful curled eyelashes with it. I went out and bought a Revlon one, however it really didn't do anything for me and I found myself having to use it a few times before my eyelashes would even curl.  I looked into other ones, but I refuse to pay more than $20 a curler and some of the good ones were going for $50 and up!!  Yeah no!!When this arrived to my house, it the first thing I noticed was the lovely packaging.  The box was just beautiful and awesome.  It actually reminded me of the 1950's look.  Inside I found a curler that seemed very sturdy and durable.  I decided to read the description online about the product and it said:What Makes The Eye And Mighty The Curler You Need?&#10003; No pinch no pain curling&#10003; Non slip handle&#10003; Ergonomic design, to get every lash&#10003; The Eye & Mighty eyelash curler lifts and curls like no other eyelash tool. You will know that you have found &#34;the one&#34;&#10003; The spring loaded handle means you get a lot more lift with less pressure, say goodbye to straight lashes and hello to sexy curvy eyelashes!This Product Is So Easy To Use&#10003; With eyes wide open, position the lash curler at the base of your lashes&#10003; Gently squeeze and hold for 10 seconds&#10003; For added drama add 1 coat of mascara for a pretty daytime look&#10003; 2 coats for a dramatic lookVoila, curly, dramatic lashes!FREE Beauty EbookAs a thank you to our customers, you get our Bella & Bear Beauty Secrets ebook Details in the box or go to BellaandBear.comGuaranteeIf you don't completely fall in love with Eye & Mighty then Please Contact Us For A Full Refund!Well with all this info how could you go wrong!  So after reading this I was sold!  I decided to go ahead and use this curler the same night I received it AFTER I had finished washing my face and taking my makeup off because I just couldn't wait to try it out.  I applied to my freshly clean eyelashes and was just amazed on how little pressure you needed to curler your lashes.  The curler seemed to sit high on the hinge on the device and therefore you didn't need to press down so hard in order to get it to work.  I noticed automatically on just how quick it curled my lashes.I decided to use it again a few days later when I had to go to work.  I first curled my lashes, applied mascara primer and then applied my mascara.  My eyelashes looked amazing!  The curl held all day with very little effort and my lashes just looked longer then usual.What I loved about this curler is that it sits high which means it lifts your eyelash curl even higher.  It fits perfectly in my fingers and is very comfortable to use.  I love the design, color and shape of the curler and would highly recommend it!My sister also had a Revlon eyelash curler that she used off and on for the last few years.  However since using this curler that I bought her, she hasn't looked back.  From the first day she used it, she told me that her eyelashes were perfectly curled and held all day long even after applying mascara.  The curler looks sturdy and well designed and fit perfectly in her hand as well.  She was really excited about trying out this product.For the price and usefulness of this eyelash curler I highly recommend it!!"
I used the sample and its good. Adds more slip and will seal cuticle from frizz. I sleep on my hair and its still very smooth. Like it and will purchase it.
I've been using department store brands and recently stumbled on Doll Eye. I love it! Makes lashes big and bold and is not clumpy or flaky. Cannot beat this price either!
"This is my favorite brush that I own. I have a few other blush brushes, but none of them are as great as this one. It's suuuuuper soft and applies blush beautifully and evenly. I highly recommend it."
"I use Pureology Hydrate, Frederic Fekkai Glossing, and Matrix Sleek Look all through the week ( I switch it up). Today I used my ""cheapie"" Pantene Beautiful Lengths and decided to grab this out of the closet to use as a conditioner. Glad I did! It made my color treated (just dyed to the color that my hair turns when the sun hits it, dark auburn) hair perfectly soft. I actually purchased this at my local Target here in Houston for $1.95! Here's how: It was ""clearanced out of the system"" (suppose Loreal quit making it?) and there as 4 on the clearance rack. The scanners wouldn't show a price, except for the last sale price which was $2.94. I also had a dollar off coupon, which knocked it down to about $1.95. I am so glad I got to try Everpure for a cheap price and plan on using my Everpure shampoo/conditioner coupons to try the rest of the line. Pureology is probably what it is based off and it is OVERPRICED and will dry out the hair later on. Glad I found these products!"
"Balms Away is a gentle, non-alcohol, non-oil solution for taking off eye makeup.  It does a thorough job if you take your time - count to 30 while massaging your eyelid gently, then wipe it away. I recommend using a tissue instead of cotton balls or pads.  It's great stuff - the best I've found in years of searching."
This product came before expected time and that's a plus for me. It worked as seen on reviews. My first time using it was a charm and it's very handy if you still can't get your smile lines right on your own yet.
"I have not used this peel before although I have used a 70% Glycolic peel. Thought I would try this one.  From the reviews I read this peel seems to be much stronger that the Glycolic so I went with the 15% to start with, to see how my skin reacted to it.  I have used it once. I left the peel on for about a two minutes.  It did not 'frost' but I did not add more, I just neutralized it at that point and washed it off.  It felt as if I had a very slight sunburn.  Now, the third day, there are areas , especially around the mouth area,  are turning leathery, and just barely beginning to peel.  This is nothing that would keep me indoors away from others as it is not very noticeable. I am 61, but many think I am in my 40""s  and I am still amazed at that as I was a sun worshipper and thought I had to have a tan to look good from my teens to 40's!  I have never had a face lift but have had face fillers in the past.  I have never had botox.  When I am not smiling there are no wrinkles around my eyes at all.  It must be genetic.  I had not used a peel for awhile and I noticed my jowl area was beginning to sag some. I can already feel a tightening of the area and am hoping it lasts after I peel. I believe with any new product it is important not to overdo and to go slowly at first.  As I see the outcome of this peel, I will know how far I can go next time.  I will probably graduate to the stronger solutions in time. I am also using a Derm Roller with it at the same time so don't now how that affects the outcome but I hope it improves it.  This company seems to have a fine product.  They were also kind enough to send a sample of their glycolic acid which I used to exfoliate my lips!  Thanks!  It works so great for that .  I just leave it on for about 30 seconds and it takes off all the dry skin but does not irritate my lips afterward. Anyway, I am happy at this point as it appears my reaction is a subtle one and that is what I wanted. I will add updates later on.A NOTE: Most all my friends have had complete face lifts, having all of it done at once beginning at  the age of 40 . Some looked better on than others. All were done by different Dr's so that could have something to do with it.  The thing I noticed, except for one person, was that they did not look the same afterwards, they did not look like 'themselves'.  I decided after watching all them go through this and the results of it, that I would never have a face lift and, if anything, I might do small procedures targeting one area at a time, as needed.  I haven't done that yet though. Not ruling it out, but right now, I doubt I will even do that. There are so many things a woman can do now to improve the looks of her face. Fillers are wonderful , if not overdone, but must be done by a Dr. in most cases, and are expensive.  A friend had laser resurfacing with her face lift and her skin never looked quite right after that.  It had an unnatural look to it and had some blotches. The chemical face peels really do improve the skin and wrinkles and cause more collagen production.  No topical  creams can do what they do and they they improve the looks of the facial skin so much.  When used carefully they can be done at home for hundreds to thousand of dollars less than a Dr. will charge.  So, why not try it?  It isn't difficult.  Just follow directions, go slowly and don't overdo it. This is something we can do for a fraction of the cost of those expensive creams, etc, that will make a difference.Although there are some exceptions, most of the things we buy in jars do nothing to permanently  improve the looks of our skin. OK, off my soap box!  Seriously,  If you have never tried a peel before and/or are tired of paying a Dr. to do it, try it yourself!  Research! Read the Amazon reviews carefully, as they have a wealth of information in them, choose your product, read the instructions and have everything ready before you begin and then go slowly.  You don't have to go the full time, the first time. See how your skin reacts first and get it use to the process.  All the best to you!"
"I was never a believer of dry shampoo until I tried this. I just put a bit on my fingers, flip my head upside down, run it through my hair, flip back, et voila, my hair looks fresh again. It won't make the I-feel-gross feeling go away, but it will help exponentially.My only problem is that the tip doesn't come completely with a completely clear hole, so it's a little hard getting the powder out - even in small amounts. That's worked out alright because the bottle is so small it would suck to accidentally dump it all out at once, but be prepared for vigorous shaking."
"I used this CLEAR SCALP & HAIR BEAUTY Volumizing Root Boost Nourishing Shampoo & Conditioner this week and am enjoying very light and bouncy hair.I have a ton of very fine medium blonde hair that is to my lower back and this shampoo and conditioner combo really works for me! I shampoo my hair about every other day or so.I will be buying this again once my review samples run out, it gives good results at a great price."
"I used this product for only 4 days now and have seen GREAT results! My skin looks brighter and my pores look smaller and tighter. I woke up and look so rested and my skin tone is very bright and balanced. My skin always tends to have red spots and I have to use a lot of foundation to even it out. But this product really helped even my color out I feel like I am taking much less time to get ready because I have to use less foundation to fix my skin, it just looks good!! LOVE this product! and must say I am a huge fan of FoxBrim now, looking into trying more products!!"
I needed a ridge filling base coat for my nails. I had originally been using Sally Hansen brand but it really wasn't keeping my polish from chipping after a day or 2. I switched to Seche brand and combined with the Seche Vite top coat (which I had been using with Sally Hansen) and the polish lasted twice as long! I think I found my new ridge filler.
I have been using Kerasase Masquintense for the past 15 years and Elixir for me is like the next generation. Left my hair fabulous just remember you cannot put a lot ...so it's great and lasts a lot!!!
"Clearsail perfect wash has perfect size, sleek design, comes complete with two refills, and batteries included!The two refills that came with this unit named Rapid action Face wash,Super fruit splash , rose in color and clear that has salicylic acid 2% acne medication.  The second refill, a mint green color , named soothing plant extract also with Salicylic Acid 2% Acne Medication,  The mint green cream  soothing plant extracts appealed to me.I have never experienced any type of acne, until later in life my skin has taken on a dull coloration, I noticed at times a rash of small bumps, I use a soap special to clear and brighten skin.The Clearsail machine has a sensor that detects movement when turned on and when you pass your hand under the despenser, dispenses just the right amount of soap.You use the exact amount, I found that it looked like  such a small amount..I wondered ...however,  when lathered it sprang to life in loads of soap,The fragrance is Divine, a herbal refreshment. When I  washed my face  several times a day, in a weeks time, I noticed the small rash bumps had  gone,and  my face has taken on a bright appearance.For such a small technique I was most impress.  The dispenser had used such a small amount of soap, price wise .. good..  where to find the refills...Walmart!5 stars given. Would recommend highly."
"sure ONE hair might fall out every couple months but they work amazingly. the blush brush even survived getting chewed by my dog. Id say if you need brushes on a budget these are the way to go, I love them so much I might buy another set in a different color!!"
"You need to have this if you love curly hair, if you love to curl your hair and only have a short time in the morning this works great!! It curls in minutes and stays. Heats up very quickly and does the job. You can make small curls or larger curls depending how you use it. I'm happy with my purchase and will order the 1 1/2"
"I never had a shampoo that detangles my 2c/3b hair like this one. Actually, no shampoo that I know straightens the curl unless its a conditioner, so I give this 5 stars. Plus, I like the fact that there are no chemicals or minerals that will hurt my hair. I am very impressed and I recommend this to all my natural or curly sisters!"
They are just pretty generic brushes nothing special but they get the job done no doubt about it. I would buy them again.
"I put a generous amount of this on my long hair and by generous, I mean, a decant sized handful.  I could probably get only 5-6 uses out of the whole bottle, but it seems to be a weekly treatment.  I left it in for about 5 minutes and rinsed it out.  After my hair dried, I noticed my hair was easier to comb through and very soft.  My hair can get dry too and this seems to hydrate my locks very well."
"Normally the hair products I buy are more expensive but I was happy I decided to try this.  I actually love the smell and was not sure if I was going too, based on some of the reviews.  I received the product quickly.  I think some of the local stores sell this product so I might check before ordering online again but I will use this product again.  I have hair down to my waist, pretty straight for the most part.  This product made it easy for me to comb thru my hair."
"I was not familiar with this brand, but would seek it out after using this shampoo for several weeks.My hair is sometimes frizzy, and while this shampoo did not completely eradicate that, it did tame that issue.  Even on days when I did not use a separate conditioner, my hair was in better control.The texture of the shampoo is also a plus - somewhere between a traditional shampoo and a conditioner.Another positive, in my opinion, is the fragrance.  It is pleasant but unobtrusive.  Men could feel free to use this product, and women would not have to worry that it is competing with any other fragrances they would wear."
I use the Brighten and love the subtle color that it provides my cheeks with.  Its not shimmery but it manages to slightly illuminate my fair skin.  Very happy with this buy!
"glides one smooth.  Very good, deep red color to line your lips.  Only thing you may want to make sure that it is not too sharp when you sharpen as it is sharpe and if you point it or dig in you may irritate lipe skin area.  Just dont sharpen to a real, pointy point. But stays on longer than lipstick and good for keeping the 'lines' around your lips from feathering!"
"In the winter my skin gets so dry and itchy.  I love Vaseline lotions.  They really do help to rehydrate my skin after just a few applications.  And the scent is great. I love cocoa butter.  If you like cocoa butter and need some intensive moisture, give this one a try."
I tried a tube with a tubular tip applicator and trew it away after the first use because it is so messy. A brush works much better. .
"I have enjoyed trying the Motions hair products lately and this cleanser is no exception. This creamy, rich shampoo rinses out wonderfully and leaves hair clean and bouncy with a really nice scent that isn't too perfumey, fake or strong. I have fine hair that isn't very thick. It's a little dry on the ends because I use a blow dryer and flat iron. This shampoo, along with the Motions Deep Conditioning Hair Masque, work really well together on my hair. These products leave my hair clean, light feeling and easy to comb and style. This shampoo is a plus-it doesn't strip hair nor leave it overly conditioned. I will definately look for this is the store. Motions is a nice product line that works well and isn't overly expensive like many of the hair care products out there today and it offers comparable results."
"Keep this in your purse for those emergencies! I am so glad that I have! Great quality of stuff. Only complaint is the tweezers aren't as nice as my Revlon ones, but they still work great!"
"Love the Yes to Carrots Brand. Leaves me feeling clean and fresh without excessive soap residue. Lathers just right, and very affordable with an adequate amount for the price."
"I have very dark circles. They are a combo of genes and having very pale skin. I have tried every type of coverup out there. I saw this product on a makeup blog. I use number 50, which is a neutralizer that has a yellow tint to combat the blue. Then after I put on my foundation I use the light color, 20 I think. I then use my fingers to pat it on. I was using a concealer brush, but I think that my fingers do a better job. The first day I did this someone said that I looked like I was glowing. It makes such a difference!!"
"Love this mascara. I have tried high end and low end stuff, and this is by far one of my favorites. L'Or&eacute;al makes high quality makeup."
I bought this for my 14 year old niece for her birthday. It's fun and girly and good for that age group.
"I too had the major complaints that others have had about this item. But I had also had a $40 unit by another company that died after about 4 months and could not be resurrected. So I perservered to make this dispenser work for me.Problem 1. Dispenses repeatedly... Solved by turning off the unit and cleaning the sensor lens located next to the dispensing hole.  Usually a quick wipe with a damp paper towel does the trick.  If I'm feeling thorough I may use a toothpick to clean around the edges - but this is not usually needed to fix the problem. Keep your hands at least three inches under the dipensing hole when getting soap.  Any closer and the lens tends to take a hit of soap and get covered over, causing this problem.Problem 2. Refills are expensive!  If you take a flat head screwdriver or butter knife, you can pry/pop the lid of the soap container off.  Once you refill the bottle, just pop the lid back on.  Even if the lid shows a bit of wear from being popped off, that part is covered by the dispenser once the bottle is inserted.  The first time I pop one off it is tight, but the subsequent removals are much easier.Happy hand washing!"
"This is by far the best stuff and the only product to get rid of my cellulite. I have tried everything even vela shape..After 2 treatments I saw results..I have done 5 treatments now & my cellulite is no longer noticeable, I use the scrub with the ingredients suggested..and wrap with plastic for 20-30 minutes. I will also continue using it to maintain and keep my skin smooth..Extremely pleased & highly recommended&#8230;To the company my sincere gratitude for providing such a great product at an affordable cost."
"I have only found this color on Amazon and it is a better color for me than the Taupe at my local store.  This one is matte and the other is frosted.  A nice, neutral, medium beige that isn't orange-y.  Like all NYX shadows, this applies beautifully with lots of pigment and is a bargain."
"This was the first lipstick brand I used, and I do really like it. The texture is smooth and the color definitely pops, though this is more of a bright shade of red rather than a deep red. It doesn't last as long as I would like, but I've definitely tried worse."
"I really do like this product because it does exactly what it said it would do; however, there is a but...for those with short hair.If it matters, I'm Black and am trying to grow out my hair from deciding to shave my head one day (still regretting it). Futhermore, I am not natural I use a relaxer in my hair. Anyways, my hair is heavily layered and ranges from the nap of my neck to about my nose--once my hair gets long enough I will cut it to one length.My routine is pretty simple:I shampoo, condition, sometimes deep condition with olive oil then apply shampoo, rinse with apple cider vinegar, apply heat serum, put into bantu knots overnight, then flat iron. When I use this stuff I put in replace of my heat serum and do my same steps. My hair comes out super shiny, soft, and very silky the only problem is with my length of hair it comes out really poufy!! Like it won't lay flat even after sleepy on my hair. I can imagine how some ladies might like this &#34;bounce&#34; but for short hair it's really awkward especially having all of the pouf at the roots of my hair. Anyways, I didn't subtract any stars because like I said I can imagine people liking this so called &#34;bounce&#34;. Unfortunately I don't like this extra volume and will stop using it until my hair gets longer and weighed down more."
"First off, this is **NOT** a contouring bronzer; this is just as shimmery the Mary-Lou Manizer highlighter, except that the pigment is darker.COLOR: coppery, orange-y bronzeTEXTURE/FINISH: luminous and well-pigmented, but not outright glittery/shimmery.PACKAGE: compact measures about 2.75"" in diameter; contains .3 oz of product (that is a LOT of product for the price).The only thing I have a complaint about is the shade. On my medium skin, it's too light to be used as a contouring bronzer, but too dark to be used as a highlighter. It's too orange-y to work as an all-around glow. Though depending on your skin tone, it could look lovely.IMO, this is more like a luminizer for dark skin, than it is a bronzer. Makes for a beautiful copper eyeshadow, though."
"I bought this a couple of months ago after seeing it on a shopping network. I figured I'd give it a try since I have unbelievably fine hair and everything else I've used gives me serious helmet hair with way too much buildup.This stuff works. I air dry my hair, shake the aerosol can, tip my head down and spray it near the roots. I use the hair dryer on an air only setting to plump up the volume, and then style it with my  hands, a comb or a qbrush. Wow, no more stringy, fine, flyaway hair! My hair feels light, clean, and natural except that I look like I have a lot more of it. Truthfully, my hair looks nice and is pretty much impervious to humidity except when it is raining and I have no umbrella."
"I am 26 and have had a problem with breakouts that started about 4 years ago.  Suffering from mild adult acne is no fun as I'm sure you can imagine, and I have spent TONS of money trying to find something that can actually clear my skin and help fade discoloration.  I am pleased to say that Yes To Tomatoes pore scrub has answered my prayers.  I have been using it for a couple of months now, but it actually produced results within a week or so.  Within that first week I noticed clearer/less oily skin, tighter pores, and an overall smoother feel to my face.  My skin's not perfect, but we're getting there.  I have used everything from Clearasil to Neutrogena to Proactiv to more expensive brands from Sephora and Origins, and it is such a relief to have stumbled upon this scrub.  I will never use anything again (unless they stop making it or it stops working for me)!  For now though, I am 99% satisfied with this product.  I say 99% because I do have one complaint--the smell!  It is definitely not pleasant and sometimes I have to hold my breath when I wash my face, but I look at it as a small price to pay because this product has worked wonders on my stubborn skin!  In fact, I ran out of my bottle about 3 days ago and my skin is already starting to break out and produce extra oil.  I'm not kidding when I say that I am going to submit this review and then run to Walgreen's to get some more ASAP!"
I love to use a deep conditioning mask in my hair. My hair is mid-length and thick and colored. I like my hair to have movement as well as body. This product by Suave does the job. This helps keep your color balanced as well. It smells so good not chemical like other deep conditioning masks. Only need a little to go a long way. Love the shine that it gave my hair as well.
"Easy To Use, Great colors and containers works well for storage use. Love doing different color nails, so this works really well."
This is one of the eye shadow quad that you can just grab and you'll know the colors will work for you. I love experimenting with different colors and this really bring out your eyes. My favorite is the shimmery brown/ mauve which goes on perfectly and has great lasting power. Go for it!
"This was the first eye cream I used that wasn't too thick or heavy for my sensitive eye area. And where I didn't worry it would clog my pores. It has a good consistency, goes on smoothly, and absorbs quickly. It moisturizes well, and it's lightweight on so that you don't feel it at all. As other reviewers have noted, it doesn't sting your eyes, which is another reason I bought it.However, though this doesn't sting your eyes, it does still seep into them.  At least for me. It took me months to realize that the yellowish gunk in my eyes that I kept waking up with wasn't from the dusty air or allergies, but from the eye serum. I had been applying it directly on the eyelid as they suggested. I then started to apply it to the brow bone like other creams and the yellowish gunk went away.Though it is a small bottle (like most eye creams), a little goes a long way. And when you think you're done (ie. the pump no longer dispenses any more), there's still a lot more left inside. Try popping off the top and you'll see what I mean.  I've been trying to finish a bottle for a few months now just scooping out the leftovers."
It was my first time coloring my hair by myself and it was pretty easy. The foam is so easy to apply! The color was darker then the one in the package but I was expecting it anyway. I also got some reddish tint but nothing that would make me regret using it. All my grey hair was covered and that's what made me really happy.
this is a good mascara if you like water proof. i didnt realize how annoyingly hard it is to take off my makeup at night when I have a waterproof mascara on. I'm never ordering this again in waterproof but it does look good which is why im giving it 5 stars. It's no their fault I don't like a waterproof.
love the colors! only thing is the containers are so small I expected them to be a little bit bigger! I would say one color would do one set! I have not used them yet but that's what im assuming based on the size!
"This Clear ""Scalp Therapy"" anti-dandruff shampoo works well to control dandruff and has a pleasant, but not overpowering mint scent. We go through a lot of shampoo in our house since my teens both have very long hair and seem to spend more time in the shower than I remember doing at their age. That being said, we typically use ""Head and Shoulders"" (or a generic store knock-off) since that worked for us.This Clear shampoo is every bit as effective as what we had been using, leaving the hair and scalp feeling very clean while eliminating dandruff.Highly Recommended!CFH"
Cute little 2 piece double dappen dish nail art  liquid acrylic holders.They are as pictured. And they came about a week early.
"I've read so many good things about the mask but decided not to try it because of the way it looked. Judging a book it cover, I know. I was wrong. This mask is great for my skin and I love the warming effect it gave me. I will repurchase and recommend."
"The other reviewers weren't kidding when they wrote that this really controls shine well. Before I purchased this foundation, I'd have to blot my face after 3 hrs, whereas I haven't even touched my blotters ever since I started using this.The makeup feels very lightweight and coverage is pretty good. I use my fingers to apply it with and a little goes a long way. I also always use moisturizer beforehand as my skin can look really dried-out if I don't, despite living in sunny and humid Florida.I think I'll definitely be reusing this foundation when it runs out."
"Honestly, I like the product but the dark shade is a littletoo redish auburn for me.... It does not match my naturalbrow shade well, even when I use a light hand... I douse the wax almost everyday with a brow pencil (Anastasia Beverly hillsin ash brown). I do use the powders as eyeshadow for the crease."
"Estas gemas vienen en diferentes tama&ntilde;os, divinas, y muy fuertes se pegan a las u&ntilde;as super bien, no tengo queja alguna"
"Smell: projection smell give you something aquatic and feeling at the beach (last for about 3 hours for projecting)Skin scent is very soft and gentle, last for another 5 hours"
"After trying Argan Oil on my face, I got so much hooked-up on the staff what started to use on my body also. I think it's doing so much better for my body, than a cream. I think, every women should if not switch to it, at least tried once.  You have nothing to gain but your beautiful skin!!  Just tried."
"I have been so excited for this brush to arrive, and it finally did! It's a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but to be fair, I didn't read the information thoroughly. This brush is probably the best brush I own. It is so soft, I am not even joking. So, so soft. And it looks pretty sturdy, with a nice, wooden handle and everything. I will recommend it to everyone I know!"
I love is very nice to smell it I recommended to buy also for a gift is perfectplease be free to buy it!!!
I use them in my crafts and work very well.
I noticed after I washed my face that my towel would have left over make up on it still.  Per the suggestion of a sales rep at Ulta I tried the PreCleanse and won't go a night without using it.  Easily takes my make up off before washing and my 8 year old daughter has also used it to get play make up off or face paint.  I have very acne prone skin so the oily texture made me nervous but I have used this for almost a year now and my skin is clearer than ever.
This works for the palest of pale and the darkest of dark. It is a very soft petal dusty rose color. Some appear too brown and this is a bit more &#34;pink&#34; tone in the rose color. It is really very flattering on all my clients and so sophisticated of a color. Add some IBD Moroccan nights glitter to the tips and fade back for a really amazing simple nail art that would increase the classy and playful look of this color.
"This hair comb is very pretty. It's big and eye catching- perfect for formal occasions. A few of the rhinestones popped off after a while but nothing a little super glue can't fix :)For the price I paid, I'm happy with what I got."
"My face is cursed... I'm very fair, oily and dry patches cover on my cheeks, forehead and around my mouth.  This cream, unlike others I've tried before, actually does not break my face out, it really moisturizes.  Just feels amazing to find a cream I can use on my face.Normally, I can't use anything on my face except a cleanser for oily skin - this one -Cetaphil Daily Facial Cleanser, for normal to oily skin, 16.0 -Ounce Bottles (Pack of 2).  I try to only use cleanser and stay away from creams except after shower."
"I received mine today and it is wonderful. The blades are sharp and do indeed take off rough skin on the feet. If you do not want the ped-egg then this is your next best bet. The Revlon ""egg"" opens and you can store the clippers and nail file that comes with this unit. This two pack is wonderful. I would recommend."
"I ordered these to try new things with my nails, I have yet to try them, but i am very excited to do so."
Insta Natural Age Defying Moisturizer Cream  I got to say this is a remarkable product. I have been using it following my lift serum. I love how it leaves my face feeling soft and smooth. You can see the rest of my review at: [...]
"I've used this face wash for over 8 years. I love that it's soap-free so doesn't dry my skin. I have skin allergies and this is one of the few products I can use on my face. You get two large bottles and this was the best price I could find anywhere. Good product, good price.Note on 3/31/11: I am bummed to see that these size bottles are no longer available from Amazon with free shipping."
"This leave in conditioner in my opinion is by far the best leave in I've ever used for my 3a/b hair texture! It leaves my hair moisturized, soft and smelling amazing! I recommend however that you purchase this at walgreens because it's usually sold at a reasonable price. I'd say from $5.99-$7.99."
"Okay so I have always struggled with my tan, I have NEVER, ever, been able  to use self- tanners.  So i have always resorted to tanning.  however, i recently decided not to tan anymore for health reasons- but I am still like glow-in-the-dark color so i needed something.. I picked this up and WOW!  The first time you put it on you notice:1.  It smells delicious, it is like a coconut smell2.  It makes your skin glittery and soft3.  It is easy to rub in ( I usually do it right after drying off after a shower, but it's really good for any time of the day)4.  It drys really quick so you don't have to stand around waiting for it to dry before putting you clothes on because of fear of stains!  (I usually give it about 1 minute. and it's always been great)5.  It is a gradual tan, so you don't have to worry that if you miss a spot you will look weird.That being said, even after the first use, you can see a little bit of a glow, which is one reason why I love this product!  and after a couple of days, it looks great!  and then once you build up your tan, you can re-apply every couple days to keep it up.  it's the easiest thing in the world, especially for a tanning dummy like me.  I am so glad that someone finally invented something like this."
"This is all natural, with no funky fragrances, which is perfect for me because I'm very sensitive to perfume that is not natural (just going through the fabric softener isle at the store makes my stomach queasy). This soap smells like the natural smell of neem oil, which is a strong smell a little bit like peanuts.If you think you can  tolerate that, you will be very happy with the results. In two weeks, I noticed a big difference in the skin on my upper arms, which is where I often get red scaly patches, about the size of a half-dollar. This soap, combined with a good lotion really made a difference. I usually use a neem oil lotion at night and a shea butter lotion during the day, since the Shea butter smells a bit less strong.I think it's really worth a try if you have problem skin. Each bar lasts a long time and you will get a lot of uses out of it as long as you don't leave it sitting in water. My toddler threw a bar in the toilet and it dissolved; I saw the label floating in the bowl and I knew.Give it about two weeks to work-- it took about 10 days for me to notice any real difference, but it did happen.Recommended."
"I have tried many items from Insta Natural and have yet to be disappointed by anything. This as expected has been amazing to use. I use this every night after my shower. I pump two pumps to my palms and rub my hands together and apply it to my hair from mid-shaft to the ends and focusing on the ends. (I have hair down to my lower back) In the morning after styling whether it is just brushing it out or flat ironing i add another drop to my palm and smooth it over my ends and what ever is left I will swipe the rest of my hair to manage the flyaways.I also use it as a heat protectant and and of course the shine it gives and it has been making my hair look so healthy. I get many compliments on the way my hair looks. I am often asked what I use in my hair to keep it so shiny.I love this for my hair but, you can also use this for your skin. This Blended Argan Oil will and does a great job on my skin as well. If this is the only Insta Natural oil you own this will do an amazing job for your hair and your skin.I received for free using Tomoson. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers."
"We call this the &#34;minty&#34; lotion in my house. You can smell the tea tree upon applying, but the scent does dissipate. It has a slightly cooling effect, which is nice for hot days."
"When I was a kid, I used to see commercials for Alberto VO5 Hot Oil, Moisturizing, 2 ct. Where some model with dried up hair would heat up a packet in a cup of hot water and then rub it into her hair and it would magically become smooth, and silky and conditioned. I tried it once myself, and it did a good job but it was expensive...and I needed to use them at least once a month (hey , I damage my hair with dye and irons)Motions Naturally You Moisturizing Cleanser is supposed to be used once a month, you use a little dollop and apply in shower and lather it. Then rinse.This left my hair extremely moisturized, conditioned, supple. I would never use it more than once a month thought cause it would weigh your hair down for sure.It smells really good as well!"
What can I say about nail gems - the best.  But these are coloured which adds to the the fun.  I highly recommend them!
"Most hair dryers work the same.  Some have more speeds, heat levels etc.  This unit uses negative ions---so what's the deal? I had to look it up to satisfy my curiosity. I found out that Ionic hair dryers employ negatively charged ions that break down the water molecules and reduce them to molecules that are positively charged, and therefore attracted to the negatively charged ions, minimizing damage to the hair follicle and drying time.  It was impossible to find any science behind this, however, many users find they prefer dryers with this feature. The dryer comes with a concentrator and diffuser as most dryers do.  I do find the soft touch finish to be very comfortable to hold.  With three heat levels and two speeds, It has plenty of options for drying time and styling.  The AC motor is longer lasting that a DC motor, which is a nice feature and should provide a longer life.  I find this to be a quality product and a pleasure to use with plenty of power and heat.  Remington touts ""pearl ceramic"" technology that they claim gives you smooth, frizz-free styles.  I'm just not sure how that works or what the advantage is---I will say I give this four stars because of quality and performance.  It simply is a good product and does what it should."
"This starter kit is a nice way to try the products without spending a fortune on the full-size.The shampoo and conditioner left my hair feeling very lightweight (I have thick, thick hair) with the feeling of no soap residue. 4.5 stars for the shampoo and conditioner (I am not fond of the scent - a little too strong, floral for me.) The shampoo and conditioner alone seemed to leave my hair shiny.The shining gloss will last months. A small pea size amount combed through my damp mid-back length hair left it almost too shiny. I think it would be more suitable for darker hair than my pale locks. Personally, I prefer Kenra Platinum to this one - about the same compared to Biosilk. The gloss is maybe a 3 star product. I think it made my hair look darker, and really almost greasy the first time (pea size amount). I guess I need smaller peas - it was better after I reduced the amount. A little goes a LONG way.I really dislike the smell. It reminds me of Herbal Essences. Kenra has a nice strawberry-like smell. For the leave-in gloss, I just wouldn't be able to stand the smell. The smell of the shampoo/conditioner is subtle enough after rinsing."
"i ordered this brush because chrisspy did a youtube makeup tutorial and used the sigma E20 specifically to smudge a little bit of eyeshadow over her eyeliner on the bottom lid. i bought this brush to fulfill that one purpose only (i haven't tried it on any other part of my eye, even though the instructions said you can), so my review is just for that one use."
The color is hot pink just as the name of it. It is very close in color to Tutti Fruiti with the exception of missing sparkles or pear tint in it and little calmer. Definitely a good buy.
"This stuff is great. All lotion should come in a gigantic bottle like this, with a fabulous pump. Alba makes it easy to moisturize with this product. My local Natural Grocer ran a sale on this big bottle for about $12 and I bought 10 bottles at the time. I do use other lotions, too, but I have to say this one in a good main stay. No oder. It absorbs fast, no residue to speak of, it def moisturized. I'm happy. Like I said, I bought 10 bottles and now I'm down to 2. I plan to restock. This lotion is a winner!"
"This product is wonderful! I wore this a whole day (drank water,eat food,talk etc..) but it didn't go away! it did fade out a little tiny bit but thats obvious! i also love this color! these stains are really pigmented! the applicator is like flexible and easy to apply! there's a lot of product inside! i used this for about 1 year applying it almost everyday!&lt;3 I definitely recommend it! its worth the price and also i'm a makeup artist...just sayin'"
They say it's bad to brush your hair when it's wet. I cannot just let it dry without brushing it. I end up having a hard time and there's always so much hair that falls on the brush. On top of that it hurts. I got this brush to see if I could really brush my hair when it's wet and have less fall out and less pain. Guess what it did just that! This brush is amazing I can brush my hair and it won't hurt also my hair isn't falling out. The best part is when I'm brushing my hair when it's dry it doesn't give off static and now I can achieve those beautiful waves after curling my hair. I just curl my hair with a small curling iron and brush it from the top to the bottom and it gives off those Hollywood waves with no frizz or static. I usually tease my hair and had a hard time getting the knots out and this brush has made it so easy just make sure you start from the bottom and work your way up. I'm being serious you guys should try this brush it will make things easier.
"This is a beautiful, fruity floral that doesn't smell too young for more mature women to wear. I love the blackberry notes.The price on Amaxon was great, too, and Fragrancenet always sends samples and mirrors with their orders. I'm really happy I found this here."
"I have tried lots of glue, but Duo brand works best for me. I use the dark and the clear version. But to me, the dark stays better. I would recommend this product."
"My daughter uses this to get that ""just back from a day at the beach"" look.  She puts a Tbsp of salt and a Tbsp of tanning oil in a spray bottle with water, shakes well and lightly mists her hair, then uses this tool to get the naturally wavy look she gets every time we go to the beach.  This is a great little styling tool, works just as well as the more expensive ones our salon carries and it came much faster than I expected."
"I've been messing around with glycolic and sac acids. this one is so far the strongest one. my first time, i left it on for only 2 mins before removing because of the stinging. other acids, i can usually put on for more than 5 mins and not feel anything. no bad reactions here thus far."
"I have issues with eczema, and this has been perfect for it.  My skin is not nearly as dry as it used to be. This body wash has a very slight lather, which I find easier to use than moisturizing washes that don't."
"This is one of the first two wigs I got and I fell immediately in love with it. The colors are just like the photo and the fringe is trimmed to lay swept to the side perfectly in a way my real hair never would. I didn't know if I would look good with blonde hair and I have always really wanted to try it, I think this is the best way to do it! I'll post a picture, I think it is a really fantastic wig and I'm glad I bought it. The only thing I don't like is its a little thin at the top and if you don't have the hair just right you can see the netting through the hair. I like to wear it with a cute headband or beanie so I don't have to worry about it."
"I'm trying the SIMPLE Radiance Wipes and theSIMPLE Oil Balancing Wipesand I have to say that I like these better.For one thing the Radiance wipes are made out of a different material and I thought it was softer on my super sensitive skin.  For another, after using the Radiance wipes I didn't feel like I needed to wash 'a residue' off my face.  The Oil Balancing wipes somehow left me feeling like my skin wasn't squeaky clean.Both products are minimally scented.  The Oil Balancing wipes perhaps a little less scented.Since these are more gentle and less expensive, these are the ones I plan to buy.Pam T~"
"Its a very nice color, its smooth and stays on your lips quiet long :) I will buy anothe colors for sure! :)"
"these brushes are a great deal for the price. they shed and smell plastic-y at first, but after a deep cleaning or two, they stopped shedding and they smell fantastic!"
"When I poured this out and massaged it onto my head I felt, really I did, like I was walking through an orange grove, the same wonderful aroma that I got used to growing up in Southern California. That alone makes this nice.  However, that's not what it's made for, so after a few weeks I've found my hair to be in great shape, the minor dandruff I was experiencing has gone away.  Very pleased, will make this my regular choice for shampoo/conditioner--which is the best sort of review I guess."
These eye shadows are so pretty! They go on smooth and evenly and last all day without creasing or fading. These shadows are so soft an light feeling I just love them.
This headband is adorable. The netting under the design is poor cut but it;s not anything I can't trim myself with a pair of scissors. It was slow to ship but it's coming from the other side of the planet so its to be expected. and it was cheap! less than $2 for a pretty headband from china? score.
"The blush looks very intense in the compact, however once it is on the blush brush, it is not as dark or intimidating.  It is very pretty."
"Even though the odor seems too strong when I took off the lid,  the fragrance when used was pleasant and not overwhelming.  It seems to be very gently on my skin and that is very important in the winter when dry skin is a persistent problem.  I will always look for a body wash such as this one,  free of parabens and alcohols."
This had allowed me to get more organized and have all my shadows in one place.  I have depotted all my shadows and now only have my z palette.
"This one is much  better then other ones  I have  tried so far!!Non-greasy, smells nice, very moisturizing,There is no such thing as a quick fix to fast weight loss. We gain weight over time and it takes time to lose it. I came across this product while looking for something else and decided to try itI have been using the product for a while. I use it twice a day along with a regular exercise plan and it works. I noticed a difference in my stomach and so did my friends."
"*****This is a high-end luxury brush that truly delivers.There are two things you need to know when you're ready to buy a Mason Pearson brush of any sort. One is the size: full-size (the largest size), handy (medium sized), or pocket (the smallest size). This is important not so much because of where the brush will be kept (say, in your handbag), but because of the bristle length of the various sizes. The smaller sizes have shorter bristles. The bristles have to be able to reach your scalp, and massage it and distribute the oils throughout your hair. If you want a small brush but you have thick or long hair, you'd do better with a larger size.The other consideration is the bristle type. Do you want all nylon, like this Detangler? Even though the Detangler is all nylon, some of the bristles are longer and some are shorter, just like the mixed bristle brush. It's hard to see in the picture. You should know that the Detangler is the only Mason Pearson brush that can reach the scalp of extremely thick hair. All of the larger Mason Pearson brushes, including this one, come with a bristle brush, so that you can easily clean loose hairs out of your brush.The Detangler is a brush just like the other brushes, not something just to be used when your hair is tangled or your done shampooing. It is a fantastic brush for people with coarse hair or long hair or thick hair also. Even though my hair is very short, it is the only brush that works for me because my hair is so thick. This handy size is about eight inches long.It's quite a large expense to buy any Mason Pearson product compared to other manufacturers of hair care items--it's a luxury item and the purchase is an investment--but it's worth it. If you're the type of person who would rather enjoy an evening at home having your hair brushed by your spouse instead of going to dinner and a movie, then you can justify the cost. That's how we did it :)For additional information on Mason Pearson visit their web site at masonpearson dot com.Highly recommended.*****"
I purchased this palette after watching a youtube video. Colors are just as they are on the palette. I am a newbie to make up but I am def loving this one. I will also purchase one in matt
I would tell and have told everyone who ask how come my hair grows so fast. It's a great thing!!!
"These are amazing brushes, and are cruelty free! I love them: made of goat and badger hair.Be sure to wash with gentle, diluted shampoo and warm water before using!They are so soft!"
I bought this hair dryer because of the price. It dries my hair nicely. It claims to have ion technology but I think it is a gimmick. My hair dries frizzy with this hair dryer like it did with my previous one that was old and didn't have ion technology.
"Can we say it all together: Heavenly!The color is fantastic, it reminds me a little to Kevin Aucoin's FIRA. A blend of orange and red. A little goes a long way and it glides beautifully on the skin.Higly recommend."
"Finally! I've searching for a powder/powder puff combo for a while. Nothing is quite as lovely for your girlie bits during a hot, sweaty summer! The scent is delightful: light and fresh. The puff is generous and ""poofy"". Thank You!"
I love this shampoo and conditioner. Makes my hair feel fuller and thicker. I also notice less hair in my brush and falling out when I comb the conditioner through. Great products!
I love this stuff! You can feel it working by it slightly getting your skin warmer (temporarily)and can see the slimming effect
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my mother that loves the scent and had her bottle run out. I was wary of this being a knock off since it was so cheaply priced, but my mom assured me it seemed to be the real product."
"There is no question about the needs to handle stress everyday. But when it does come right down to our feet, we really don't do a good enough job of trying to take care of them, and just let them relax. Fortunately, those who've made the Ped-Egg have made something pretty good to help eliminate that stress with Pampered Toes. This is very strong by stretch your toes out, and making them relax and soothed from stress that can effect the way that you walk, the way you feel after you sit down from your feet. It really is worth the money. They're easy to wash, and simple to use each and every time. I absolutely recommend this as one of those few ""As Seen On TV"" products that really is worth its money.Price: BConvience: B+Overall: B 1/2+"
"Nice cream. Ainhoa is deeply moisturizing, but it is not so thick that you feel like you are wearing a mask.  It's not oily, so no worries about too much shine.  The effects from putting it on overnight last throughout the day.  The smell is pleasant, not feminine, but do know that it is scented (some men may be super picky about this).  Also to note: while it does not state it is for sensitive skin, the sensitive-skinned gentleman who tried this had no problems."
Love this!  This blush brush picks up color nicely and is the perfect shape to deposit it onto my cheeks.  I've found myself reaching for this every day and I haven't used my other favorite blush brushes (Smashbox and Real Techniques) at all since I bought this brush.
Duo Brush-On Lash Adhesive is so much easier to use than the glue from the tube. It goes on white and dries clear. Lashes stay on your eye lids all day and night.
If you have fine hair that needs a little body this shampoo may please you. It is slightly moisturizing so some people can probably skip conditioning after using it. I have colored hair so really need a conditioner. I did not notice any additional shine at first but I kept using this for over two weeks and the results finally appeared. My hair became more silky soft and manageable.~The Rebecca Review
"Great product. Have been using it for over a year. Moisturises well, helps to develop good color. Definitely would recommend."
"Neutrogena Ultra Gentle Daily cleanser is a new development by this company which is a great facial cleaner. Not only is it gentle on the face, but has a clean, refreshing smell! This product will leave your face feeling clean and does not irritate the skin. An added bonus is the pump they give you. It makes it very easy to get the cleaner out of the bottle and you can control the amount you get so there is very little waste.  My wife really loves it!!!"
"I'm an African American girl who has bleached her hair a few times and used color, and if you can imagine my hair is damaged from the harsh chemicals. I started to experience breakage immediately and thought that protein conditioners were the way to go. I tried that and experienced MORE breakage. I then decided after some researching, to buy a moisture based conditioner for dry hair. I've tried a couple of suggested ones from black hair forums online, but this was BY FAR the best choice. It not only smells good but it leaves my hair soooo soft afterwards. My breakage didn't stop right away, but I kid you not, there were barely any hairs in my comb after I finished. I'm saying it seems like my hair breakage is reduced 90%. Every single time. I didn't hear my hair snapping either like I did after using protein conditioners. It just felt so soft. The great thing about this is that I can use it everyday if I wanted to and it wouldn't be harsh on my hair at all. I only leave it in for an hour, but you can leave it on longer."
LOVE THIS TONER. IT'S MILD BUT DOES THE JOB!!! THIS WAS RECOMENDED TO ME BY A PLASTIC SURGEON!! USED IT EVER SINCE!!!
"I have tried about a jillion different self tanners. L'oreal, St. Tropez, Neutrogena, gradual lotions, wipes, sprays - you name it. This stuff is by far the best! The spray is tinted so you can se where you are applying it and it gives you a nice chocolate glow rather than the type of glow that can skew orangey. It smells marvelous, none of that self tanner smell here. The glove is part of what makes this so marvelous, it helps you get an even spread. And a bottle seems to last a long, long time, unlike the lotions, which I chug through in 2 weeks and the sprays which last a week.I snipped the extra length off of the spray hose, like one reviewer suggested, and I haven't had any leak problems.Seriously - if you like a nice fake glow, this is it."
LOVE IT LAST ALL DAY ........YOU ONLY NEED A LITTLE CAN BE USED AS A EYESHAWDOW AS WELL AND LIPSTAIN
I love this hair piece - the colors are vibrant & beautiful! It took a while to get here but it was definitely worth the wait! I'm going to wear it first thing tomorrow :)
"I liked this mask; the exfoliating beads are small/fine and gentle. The scent is pleasant and definitely pineapple-y. The ingredients are also surprisingly nice compared to most products this cheap. It doesn't sting like you might expect for something so acidic. It's not a miracle product, but it leaves my skin soft and slightly moisturized."
"I did like the brushes, are so nice design, and Wood! Are perfecto for make designs in long and short nails."
"I don't like the smell of L'Oreal Paris Age Perfect Golden Balm,but this serum smells fine. Now my mom uses it everyday,her face becomes much smoother."
Never thought my favorite shampoo would be a drugstore shampoo but this stuff is amazing...we ran out and my husband kept asking for it...it makes my long hair SMOOTH and so soft. We use the conditioner as well.  It also is NOT greasy.  Definitely cannot live without this stuff.
"I was a little worried that I would not like this conditioning shampoo because the bottle says it's for medium to course hair.  However, it really shampooed and conditioned my fine hair well. Although running a comb through my wet hair was not as smooth as when I put in conditioner, it was still pretty easy. There was no perfume scent that I could detect yet my hair was left fresh smelling and bouncier than I expected. In addition, after my hair dried it was not flat which is typical of an hair that was overconditioned.I really like this for the times I don't want to bother with carrying both shampoo and conditioner, such as when I shower at the gym.  Since it worked so well on my fine hair, I wonder if it conditions enough for the medium and coarse hair types. I would certainly consider buying this overPert Plus 2in1 Shampoo + Conditioner, medium, for normal hair 25.4-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 4)because when I tried Pert, it left my hair lifeless and this one does not."
"Okay so I am new to the gelish polish world and I LOVE it so far but it can be a pain in the rear to get this stuff off to apply new! This remover has worked the best so far and I have tried regular nail polish remover and straight acetone before trying this! I file off the top coat then apply this to cotton pads and wrap in foil, takes closer to 15 minutes than 10 but still the polish just slides right off afterwards. And nothing else I have used worked that well AND this didn't dry our my cuticles like the other stuff! I will use and buy again."
I only use this on my hair when I need to shampoo it but don't. It makes my hair shiny and controlable. But it's easy to use too much.
"Amazing leave in conditioner. I already tried Giovanni products before so I knew this wouldn't let me down. I have  long thick afro-american type hair lol So yes, this can work on our hair too lol"
"Good Amber scent, smells REAL not fake, not as thick as the ones in small bottles, but you get a bigger bottle of this, and the price is good. I like this amber and will try other scents from this company because I am pleased with the way the Amber smells, and I am an Amber addict. I recommend this Amber!"
"Very nice moisturizer. Con must apply to very warmed skin. Pro it lasts for 24 plus hours. greasy at first, but then it goes away and leaves very soft, hydrated skin."
great wipes. It inRemoves your makeup easily. Doesn't leave residue feeling on face. Great for everyday use. Sensitive skin friendly.
The product arrived on time and as described. Very happy with the service; I would recommend it over and over. This cream smells amazing and the texture is wonderful; you need very little to moisturize your hair; and in adds shine as well; besides the ingredients are wonderful; what else can i ask for. Thank you Jane Carter.
"I love using this mask. After just 10 minutes you can see a big difference in your skin. It looks refreshed, smooth and the pores are smaller. Very good product."
"Oh ya -oh ya- oh ya! I am a licensed esthetician and I have tried every skin care product and done it all when it comes to skin care methods and this clarisonic product is the real deal.I bought the mia on Amazon becuase they had best price and I wanted a smaller device for home use. After 2 uses with sensitive skin brush head my skin glows and is so beautiful. Use your own skin care products Obagi, Image whatever pick your ""skin care poison"" and def use your own products and watch your skin improve after as little as 2 uses. If you are seeing a dermatologist and being prescribed a facial cleanser for acne like Benzac wash or proactive this clearsonic will rock those out also.I have only used it 2x's and I had to look a few times in the magnifying mirror  because my skin looks that good. Products and makeup will apply better and you will see immediate results no joke. I use air brush to apply my make up and having this as part of my skin care regime now I am not so sure I will have to do so as much since clarisonic really makes those pores invisible.***Only draw back- I am a clean freak and I especially like sanitary when it comes to anything used on my face or in my bathroom and the fact the brush head doesn't have a sterile case to put in or a sterilizer in general *like a sonicare toothbrush head sterilizer that uses infrared to clean between uses (are you listening clarisonic folks?) is not cool. So I have the cap on the brush head for now until I figure out how to make this work for me to keep that sterile. A good soak of the brush between uses in alcohol solution is a good idea.*If you have other ideas to sterilize let me know as I don't like a unsterile brush head touching my face defeats the purpose so I cap it and put it in my make up drawer for now but I like the idea of clarisonic coming up with a infared cleaner for between uses like sonicare toothbrush.GREAT product it will work on any skin type and do use it on your *chest area also ladies helps to make that area glow as well. !This is a great tool you will love it!Here's to good skin and good health!!!"
"It definitely took a lot of practice to figure out how best to apply and layer this on my face, but now that I've got it down, I love the results.I have quite a few dark acne marks, so I first cover those with my Derma Blend cover creme, then I apply the Skin79 over my entire face with my fingers and a blending brush.  I then go back over everything once or twice more and cover/blend the especially stubborn areas.  I've found that this routine gives amazing coverage!I love the way the Skin79 finishes on my skin - it gives me a nice, even, almost photoshopped finish, but it never looks cakey or overdone.  Even my hairstylist, who's a whiz with makeup, told me my makeup looked fabulous.  Total compliment in my book.I love this stuff,  it has totally changed how I feel about my face/skin/appearance."
"Wow!!! That's all I can say lol. I use this on dry and damp hair. When I use it on my dry hair, say if I don't wash it the next day, it brings shine and a nice smell to my hair so I can get another day out of not washing it. I have highlights so when I lightly rub it on my hair, it just brings out all the highlights and blonde pieces. It looks almost better the next day lol. Doesn't leave me greasy and a little goes a long way. I always use a heat protector so this is great. I get a lot of added protection and shine and help with damaged ends. What can I say, this is my new favorite hair treatment. I used to use Chi's Silk infusion, but this stuff doesn't hold a candle to this Moroccan Oil. I would for sure recommend this to anyone!"
"I have always loved the Mason Pearson boar bristle and nylon brushes.  They are, however, far too expensive to replace when my 6-year-old and 9-year old daughters keep losing them!  I searched high and low for a good alternative.  Some didn't actually brush through my hair, just made it frizz out.  Some were too hard on my head and fine hair.These brushes are fantastic- I'd give the brush itself a four star, but because they come in beautiful jewel tones that my daughters were delighted with, I give it a 5 star.  When I gave my girls one apiece, they spent the next couple of days hugging and thanking me over them.  Seriously, if I knew an inexpensive brush would get me that sort of gratitude, I'd have given them one long ago!The brush has short, brown bristles interspersed with longer white nylon bristles with a little plastic ball at the end so it is gentle.  The long bristles really comb *through* the hair.Also, my daughters are *so* picky about brushes because they are mixed Caucasian and Japanese and very thick but relatively fine hair.  They love how these brushes feel when getting their long hair brushed out.  I highly recommend these brushes!"
This is a very decent quality bag cosmetic organizer.  Very simple style.  it has padding on all sides in diamond pattern fabric.  There are multiple pockets inside the bag with one with a zipper closer.  There is also a small mirror integrated with the bag itself.  The zippers are of decent quality.  It can stand on itself when filled with your things.A sample of this product was sent to me for review purposes.
My daughter loves these!!! So much so that I have ordered more for another one of my daughters! They are working out perfect for them! I think you have a customer for life! Thanks again.
Great for any skin type for any age for any one. I was told to use this by dermatologist for my baby  she is 5 and still using it worth it for sensitive skin
"My dermatologist told me to switch to this brand. I was skeptical that it would be moisturizing enough because I have very dry (but also very sensitive) skin. Not only does it do a fantastic job, but it's easy on my skin."
"This product is very high quality.  I used it in my hair, but it made it feel heavy.  However, I love argon oil around my eyes and occasionally all over my face.  It definitely helps smooth out fine lines and keep my skin soft and smooth.  I have experienced no breakouts or reactions to this product.  I will reorder."
"Does a great job of adding body without making your hair look like you never washed it begin with.  Scent is .very fragrant but disappears within an hour.The only downfall is that it has little effect on light or thinning hair, i.e., whatever conditioning you experience in the beginning is gone within in couple hours.Otherwise, a great product for the price."
"I thought the pulse feature would be a good way to separate my eyelashes but it was difficult to hold the top down (that's how you keep it vibrating) and still apply the mascara. I ended up just using the mascara as regular non-pulsing mascara and found I really liked the brush- excellent lash separation and coverage. The formula is non-flaking, definitely water-proof and leaves the lashes thick and shiny. I bought more even though I didn't use the pulse feature. The mascara and brush is that good!"
"Sizes are right, product described by the seller is correct. Came earlier than expected, came in a box none were broken. I haven't used them yet but looks like they are a god quality."
"This left my hair clean, smelling gorgeous, fluffy and smooth.Checked it out in the store, and it's less than most brands that don't smell this good.  I will be buying it for myself for sure!"
This is a great product. Of course its not going to come with complete full bins because its small and its for your nails. Good product. Thank You
"This is an almost perfect brush set. I love how it has a locking setup system.  And I love the closing for later system.  What I dont like it that if you add anything else to the pack, you cannot close it barely.  I know the velcro is long and allows for it to be a little fatter, but the items can not be that big at all.I recommend this set to others BUT would prefer it myself if the set were completely enclosed in a zippered case, making it easier to carry other things with them.Overall though, GREAT design!"
"First, the price of this item was amazing ($4).  The mascara is really dark black, but it is not thick at all.  It leaves no clumps and it is not hard to remove; simply warm water does the trick. The only drawback to the mascara is that the brush is long, so when applying the product you have to be extra careful because it can on your skin around your eye.  The eyeliner is dark and better for creating lines under than eye rather than above the eye...which I find that liquid eyeliner is better for that purpose.  Overall, I would recommend to any aged women looking for some definition to your eye without looking too made-up."
This brush is awesome. High quality and lasts long. I clean my brush every week with soap and water. Spreads foundation so well. Gives you the near flawless look. I DID SAY NEAR FLAWLESS...
Excellent product. Is  cheap and solves real the that promises.If you use every day ENDS WITH THE CELLULITE.I am  using this product  all day  and without cellulite in all my body!Note 10!
"This is a good product to put on your hair after washing and before styling.  It will give your hair more body and aid in styling especially blow drying.  I compared this product to Pantene spray gel root lifter.  I used the Pantene on one side of my hair and the Nexxus on the other side.  I think that I liked the Pantene slightly better.  They both do a good job.  But price wise, the Pantene stands way out.  The Nexxus products are very pricey and I don't think that they offer that much better performance.  The Pantene is $4.38 on Amazon for 5.7 ounces, and the Nexxus is an expensive $12.77 for 7.5 ounces.  Nexxus likes to price their products over $12."
"I bought it from Goods-cool for about $3 with free shipping.  Shipping is as expected (30ish days) from China.  It is heavy because it is made out of metal.  If you don't have a lot of hair, don't expect this clip to hold.  It is very pretty in person.  I will be returning to buy more hair clips from Goods-cool."
"Dove for Men is my favorite soap.Granted, this soap probably doesn't clean substantially better than other leading brands. But its gift to the world are the quick and enormous suds it generates. Why does that matter? Well if you have been using body washes because they lather faster than a typical soap, then Dove is a great deal cheaper and environmentally friendlier alternative to the body washes, which uses plastic bottles.Pros:1)It generates suds faster than any soap I know.2)Environmentally friendlier and cheaper than body washes which comes in plastic packaging.3)I like the scent.4)Cleans as well as any soap (if not better).Cons:1)Doesn't last as long as other soaps."
"Tweezerman is the best brand (that I know of) for tweezing and/or clipping. I purchased this for my son when he left for college. I should have kept these and sent him packing with my old, generic clipper. I guess I should order a set for myself."
"I'm not writing a review for Glamor Magazine, I don't have long beautiful hair.  I have a flat top haircut and have been using a really &#34;cheapo&#34; shampoo for quite some time.  Was fortunate enough to get one of these really large bottles of Tresemme Shampoo,  It is really thick, unlike the watery  stuff I have been using.  Takes much less product to get a good lather.  I have come to the conclusion that sometimes the cheap stuff actually cost more in the long run.  I have no problem with the scent, and it does what it should for a quality product.  I am totally satisfied and would recommend this product to both guys and gals, as my wife has been using this too.  She is a bit picky, she too is really happy with the results...."
This polish is gorgeous when used with Konad plates.  The fine etching on the plates is just right for the viscosity of this polish.  I tried it on my cheaper plates and it was a bit overpowering.I highly recommend this and a Konad black at the very least.
"I've tried lots of body washes in an effort to relieve rashes, itching, and overall dry skin related to multiple allergies. If only I had tried Aveeno when it was first recommended, I would have spared myself much misery, multiple doctor visits, and a bag of useless prescription creams. After the first use, my itching was gone; within 3 uses the rashes had disappeared. For the first time in 40 years of pricey daily lotions and oils, my skin doesn't look dry at the end of the day. This body wash is AWESOME!"
This is a good drill to use when doing your own nails at home. I do acrylics and decided i needed a decent drill but didnt want to pay an arm an a leg for one so i took a chance with this one because of good reviews i read and i am happy that i did it does the job... great buy and shipped perfectly wrapped and worked perfect shipping was also fast no hard feelings here all smiles:)
"I have been using Wen products for almost a year. I started with the lavender, then green tea, then sweet almond. Money was tight and the sixthirteen was less costly so I got it. I absolutely love it. With summer  coming up being able to use it every day is a big plus. My hair is natural curly and frizzy, 6/13 makes it just about poker straight. Using my flat iron is now down to about 15 minutes from 30. Love the products. My only problem now is which ones to buy."
"I really like this for drying out acne overnight.  Be careful when you use it, though because it can sting."
"I bought this because I was looking for a good natural sunscreen to go running with that doesn't cause my skin to break out in acne. This is the only one so far that hasn't. Others, such as Badger, contain Coconut Oil which is comedogenic and causes me to break out within just a couple of hours. Not so with this sunscreen!This stuff melts right in, no white residue, no greasy feeling and it's not thick. Super spreadable, like lotion, sinks right into skin and protects well. This is now my go-to sunscreen for summer!"
husband and I use this brush .its soft and easy on the hair strands and scalp. does not pull my hair out like the harder Denman classic brush. great for thin to med hair textures too.
"I love these polishes. The trick is to apply the insta dry no chip top coat right after the first application. I then apply the color over the top coat and put a second insta dry no chip top coat and voila my nails are good to go for a couple of weeks. If you use one coat and no top coat, it will chip easily. It seems like more work but since both polishes dry quick, the process is fast. The brush is wide so be careful."
"i ordered to help the ends of my hair which are so damaged and also for my daughter who has really bad dry damaged hair, THIS STuFF IS AMAZING. it left my hair so soft its hard to use it ONLY once a week (my hair is naturally oily so no need to go overboard) and did wonders fro my daughters hair...in fact any family member who stays long enough to shower is talking into trying it, and everyone has loved it thus far, something i will repurchase!"
"I purchased a large scarf for my braids/twists styles from CBS Express. They had the best deal, EXCELLENT service and it arrived in a few days. I'm a happy camper, it stays on all night and I've noticed less dryness and breakage. Be sure to use the soft side on your hair and the satiny part on the outside. It's all good!I do wish there was a color selection OR it was noted color varies. I as expecting dark lavender and received a rosy pink that will do ok.NOTE: Info shared from my wrapping scarf review...""I go back and forth with my hair between flat-ironing, wearing my hair natural, and twists/braids. Yes, I go to You Tube for all kinds of helpful hints. A young lady was demonstrating how she kept her flat-ironed hair straight for a few days without flat-ironing it every day by wrapping her hair with a wrapping scarf. Of course I've seen these around but never knew how to use it effectively until that demo!Came to Amazon to find one. CBS Express had the best deal, EXCELLENT service and it got here in a few days. It is everything I hoped for and does well. The wrapping scarf is for my straight styles. I also purchased a large scarf for my braids/twists styles from them too. I'm a happy camper!"""
"I tried after this was recommended to me by another customer when at a salon getting a manicure.  Boy was she right!  I wish I had used this after acrylic manicures damaged my nails.  My healthy nails love this product, and are stronger, longer and my manicures last so much longer."
It definitely made my eyes look more refreshed & I could feel my crows feet slowly diminishing & getting smaller & tighter.  I will definitely order this product again!
"I am 41.  I started using this back when it was called ""Malibu Hemp Golden Glow"".  This product is first a great moisturizer.  It has a lovely smell and makes my rough skin feel super soft.  I apply it just out of the shower, and once I am completely dry, I apply it once more.  It makes my skin feel like silk!  Second, it is a sunless bronzer.  It isn't as dark as most bronzing lotions are, which is perfect for people with very light or light complexions.  Don't expect to see any color with just one application though.  I am very very pale, and for me, it takes 3-4 applications over a couple of days before I will notice my skin get any darker.  Anyway, I don't really use it for the bronzer, I use it for the moisturizer, which is way better than anything else I have tried.  In fact, I applied it 4 times in one day once, because I wanted to see how much color I'd get, and by the end of the day my skin was so soft it was almost slippery.  Even my boyfriend commented on how soft my skin was.  I always keep a couple of bottle on hand.  My big worry is that some day they will quit making it.  My local Target used to sell it, but now I can only find it here."
I'm wearing it right now on top of Bikini So Teeny Essie nail color. It looks so cool and it goes on so smooth. It's so much better than a shiny topcoat.
My husband was a big fan of this product.  I enjoyed that the scent smelled clean and clearly male but wasn't overly powerful and screaming that it was a man's product.  It also left his skin with good moisture.  We'll definitely buy this again.
"Love this product. Its affordable, non greasy and pleasant scented natural mineral sunscreen that moisturizes. One of the few makeup goes on smoothly without feeling oily and like I have a thick mask on. Also doesn't irritate my sensitive skin. Absorbs quickly so hasn't stained any of my tops since I also apply it to my neck and chest daily as well."
Not too greasy.  He uses it after shaving. Helps control his dry skin. He is using it so he must think it is working well.. You know men.
"I ordered the Shany nail plates in October. They are very good quality. They make a clear image with no smudging or blurry lines. The variety of images is great too. There are lots of large, full nail images, French manicure images (I turn them sideways and make new designs on my nails.), and small dainty images that I stamp in different colors all over my nails. This is a fun way to do your nails. I never go to a nail salon. People comment on my nails every time we go out.Shany, please work on a second set. I would buy it in a flash.Everybody, don't forget to remove the blue sticker that protects each plate, and stamp away."
"I have oily skin, which, couple with hormonal changes, results in at least 4-5 pimples a month. Add to the fact that if I touch my face with dusty hands, I get huge pimples that never turn into whiteheads until they are a little lava mountain on the face. Jokes apart, it can be very embarassing.I've tried garnier pure pen for my acne, which speeds up the acne life cycle to get rid of it. Vicco turmeric actually cures the infected area, and dries it without messy breakage. It does take a bit longer for the pimple to go, but it doesn't get reinfected. This saved me on my wedding day when a dried dust pimple left a bump on my face- i applies a blob of this overnight and by morning, the bump was almost gone, and easily covered by basic makeup.This is a herbal remedy I completely trust for my acne problem, and have used for the past ten years. No side effects, my ultra sensitive skin likes it, and no burning when I put it on. What more can I ask for!"
I work with my hands and my cuticles get rough and dry and cracked - but this healing salve is just the ticket! Toally wonderful product from a fabulous company!
Very coolBut I have a problemWritten on the device 120vAnd tried it on 110vBut I want to use on 220 v and I am afraid that is burning!
"I've been using Proactiv for several years now and I love it! I started using it before I got pregnant with my six year old daughter, when I was told that I would not be able to take my acne medications during a pregnancy. The Proactiv commercials claim that you will see results in two weeks. For me it took two months, but it was well worth waiting for!,I usually give myself a facial using this mask once every few days...occasionally as often as twice a week.  I love the way it makes my skin feel, so smooth, soft, and tingly clean!  I usually steam my face first---the directions says to apply to dampened skin--then apply the mask, wait 15 or 20 minutes (the directions say 10 minutes, but I like to wait a bit longer) then removed with warm water, or a moist washcloth.Another great use for this mask is as a blemish treatment; whenever I have a pimple, I apply a dot-size amount of the mask to the area and wear it overnight.  After doing this for about two or three nights, the mask dries out the pimple.  It's really amazing how well it works!  I absolutely love it!"
I use this soap everyday and if I don't I can definitely tell the difference. Plus this bar will last a long time.  I love PCA products.
Every time I use this I wonder how I ever lived without it before I discovered crystal nail files. I've been using this one for about a month now and it's wonderful. Definitely recommend!
Essie is one of the best nail polish brands and this color is great.  The color is simple yet shimmery.  One of my favorite polishes.
"I like that it is 1500 watts.  It adds a lot of body and volume.  I don't like the non-turning barrell that allows you to easily unroll the heated hair without getting stuck. Releasing the hair you've put on the curling rod can be difficult if you have long hair.  If it had that feature (as some of the other models) it would be perfect.  The smaller barrell must be for short hair because it doesn't do anything but get stuck in my long hair. I don't like the plastic it is made of and that the bristles don't bend.  Again, if it turned to release the hair, it would be a better design.  The last one I purchased did turn to release. This model is an improvement with the heating wattage only but not the design."
"The product speaks for itself! Just Try it!  I live in Florida and 61 years old, so yes I have tried plenty.  The OBAGI Cleaning leaves your face smooth and very clean feeling."
"Okay, its not for me,but I am told that this is the best stuff and my wife complains that its sometimes hard to find locally.according to her, the Amazon price is the best she has seen.so no only is it the balm, its also a bargain!"
"Smells great and feels great using.  I am not sure if it does anything for cellulite. to be honest, I did not notice a difference in that area.  However, enjoy a few minute massage and get that blood flowing! Quick ship and nice price so overall, it was a good buy."
"This Product is amazing ! i am dark skin and have been using it for about a week and i already see a difference. it leaves your face feeling smooth soft and new. Do not use around eyes! it will make the area raw because your skin is thinnest in those areas. it is enough foam on the pad to use for everything, I use it for my face, knees, and my arm pits to help even complexion and it works!! NO EXAGGERATION honestly it works money well spent!"
I have been using this product since received and I can see a slow improvement with the reduction of the appearance of cellulite.  I am pretty confidant that with continual use that I will have total results as I want.....so it's working great so far.
"I was talking to some cosmetologist about my acne problems and they recommended this to me. I love this stuff, it doesn't clear up acne right away, but if I have a lot of zips coming on I put this stuff on every night and they are either gone the next morning or not as red. This is one of the only few things that has helped my acne."
So many of the styling gels actually leave a dry scalp/flakey condition like dandruff.  This one doesn't.  My son has used every product Axe makes and is looking forward to making this a part of his grooming routine.  No flakes!
"I can't seem to get any nail art to work that needs a brush.While these have come in handy for swirling marble designs and removing a minute amount of polish with some remover on it, I don't think I will actually ever paint designs anymore.  This could be that my person isn't as talented as I thought, so I see no reason to penalize this set of brushes.I am glad that I have them because I am finding uses for them.  The brushes seem well made and the bristles don't fall out or become misshaped.Update:  I did end up using these brushes to decorate homemade ornaments with acrylic paint and they did a beautiful job. The fan brushes were used for Mod Podge! The added perfect fine details and cleaned up wonderfully."
"Seche Vite is always my go to top coat. After I finish painting my nails this top coat dries so quickly and leaves my nails feeling smooth and looking amazing. The one downfall to this topcoat is that it does cause a bit of shrinking when I use it with decals so I stay clear of seche vite when putting anything besides paint on my nails. Other than that, I cant live without it!"
"I have very thick damage Asian hair. I frequently dye my hair and it is dry and has has split ends. I use this oil after I shower right before blow drying and straightening.The oil has a very light fragrance, not over whelming and light weight."
"Foxbrim Vitamin C Serum comes in a medical dropper, so it is easy to control the dosage. Only one, maybe two, small drops are needed.  It goes on the face smoothly and absorbs instantly with no odor and no oily residue. I did need an extra moisturizer, but keep in mind my skin is extremely dry and I live in a desert climate where 7% humidity is considered a muggy day. I have used this product for 3 weeks and while I have not noticed a reduction in wrinkles on my face, I have seen an improvement in the appearance of the laugh lines around my eyes. My skin feels noticeably softer. I have an area of deep discoloration near one eye and am still hoping to see an improvement there, but my skin tone overall is more even.  Please read my full review at Beauty Apocalypse dot com"
"Found this product to really give my skin needed moisture. It seems to penetrate the upper layers of the skin well. I have pretty sensitive skin. I can use this all over without ANY itching, which is a big deal for me. Recommended."
"I have tried every comb, brush, conditioner, and de-tangler for long hair.  Other than a wide tooth comb nothing has worked until this brush.  Hooray!  It doesn't eliminate pulling of the hair entirely- I still have to be careful with that, but with persistence it does work and detangle hair.  I ordered multiple brushes."
"I absolutely love this clip. I have had one for years until I broke it shutting my vanity drawer the other day.I went to the drug store where I had previously bought it and the price had skyrocketed.I said to myself, &#34;I know I can do better than this at Amazon.&#34; And I was right! And now I have 3 of my favorite clips and I can't be happier.This clip keeps my hair up all day and its as if it isn't in your hair. There is no pain or discomfort at all. It is the &#34;Perfect Clip.&#34;"
"See my review for the conditioner that matches this but I really like the set. Obviously have to use the shampoo first!I'm a boy with corkscrew curly-q's on account of my mixed parentage.... thinning a bit up top as I'm 36 ;) So I was hoping this would help me get my ""hair on"" and ""volumize"" what I got.I'm not sure the volume is happening but I don't suppose my hair is a good test for that (the corkscrews like to volumize on their own if I sleep on them lol).HOWEVER, I still love this shampoo. I really love the scent, I like how it makes my hair feel... now I mentioned that the conditioner makes it really easy to get snarls out in the shower because it's nice and slippery while it's on.... the shampoo doesn't work that way ... hair is more squeaky while it's on... that's okay, that's what the conditioner is for.3-pack at a great price will last me a long while. I would purchase this again but I imagine after many more months of using it, I'll opt for change just because.But lo', I will return! This was a great buy."
"This is a good value, and is a sturdy rack. It was easy to hang, and is narrow enough that it takes up little space. The bottles are easy to see and organize."
"FBA. Lots of flower designs in mine but not one duplicate at all! i was very impressed.I only got 98/100 canes though.. yes i counted more than once to make sure! (im obsest like that) I will upload a picture of all the fimo canes i got, they're so adorable! some canes are a ''wth is that?'' lol I recommend these fimo canes to anyone who wants to try slicing fimo themselves instead of buying those expensives pre cut ones! its very fun and very cute."
"I like many other people went through a lot of stress with the financial crisis and resulting recession. The front portion of my hairline thinned noticeably and after trying several other things such as supplements, I tried this out.  It took about two months before I really started noticing the regrowth but I am about 70% back to normal thickness now after 8 months of use.  It's not overnight but it does work."
"Love it so much, makes me worry whenever my girls wants to hold it, because it is so cute, I don't want it break. Beautiful colors! Perfect for picking up my hair. Thank you."
"Don't use as often since buying the brush above, but It does what it was designed to do. Wash your back."
"NOW always has good products, and this particular size is a GREAT deal!Went to a ""beauty fair"" the other night and some random vendor was selling Argan oil of undetermined quality and origin for $15/oz. No thanks!! I'll stick to NOW's 4oz bottle!Update: 1/2/2014I just looked at the price and it looks like its coming down! I paid $24 for the 4oz in 7/13."
"I LOVE!!!! This soap, I think this has to be my &#34;holy grail&#34; of all soaps! I keep ending up going back to this soap.Cannot tell you how clean fresh this soap smells and as well feels upon my face. I have somewhat sensitive skin, and I'm 53 years old so I def want a soap that will not dry my skin, this doesn't do that at all, if anything your skin feels soft smooth and lovely to touch. None of that soap scum feeling left when you rinse."
"I am not going to explain why I know this works so well, but it does work.  And well.  Let's just leave it at that."
"I just tried using the Angel Kiwi body lotion because it was free with my lotion purchase and so far I am SUPER happy with it. I am obsessed with the smell, my tan seems to be lasting longer, it smells fabulous, great for guy or girl, it dries pretty fast, and doesn't make you look oily or greasy. I couldn't be happier!"
what you see is exactly what you get and the rhinestones are very clear and shiny! a excellent way to spice up your nails
This neutrogena cleanser works well without stripping your skin. The packaging is attractive and the pump on the bottle works well. I will  buy this again and again.
Like ..this is little to much of what i pay but i like it so far.I willBuy it
"My eye doctor recommended this product for cleaning for eyelids.  It is difficult to find in the local pharmacy, in fact they have to special order it.  With Amazon the price is good and the delivery is fast and efficient."
I love love this natural color I pretty use this for the whole summer or pink that I order as well but I love it
"I LOVE this polish... I got it in purple for my BFF and black for me- the Liquid Sand effect IS SO COOL!  It's sparkly without being &#34;shiny&#34; or glossy... Actually MUCH less gloss look than pictured- they must have used a topcoat.  Mine went on with an overall matte look, BUT matte sparkles, if that makes any sense...  She loves the purple, and the black has become my new fave shade for the toes..."
"I love that I can purchase CND Shellac products on Amazon. Note that you need a UV light to cure them, which is a fairly expensive initial cost, but has significant savings in the long run from doing your own manicures. I like the CND branded one better than the cheaper ones out there, I think it works better because of the higher wattage bulbs. You also need all the steps- base coat, color, and top coat. I am proficient at painting my own nails, and if you watch youtube instructional videos you should be able to recreate the salon results without the bubbling/wrinkling of the polish upon curing that I have heard many negative reviews about (thin layers, finish the edges, full coverage). The manicure can last 2-3 weeks, if you take care of your nails (for example- not using your nails as prybars, and using gloves when cleaning and doing dishes- a good habit for nice looking hands anyway). Removal is easy, and requires cotton balls, acetone, and foil for best results- also the youtube videos are helpful for this also. I even do my friends/family's nails sometimes too. I love this product- this is a true red, not pink at all, that I purchased to do my 49er manicure- it came out perfect."
"I'm in the process of taking my hair from the red/blonde it was to a whitish gray or Nordic blonde almost white type color.  Due to the red in my hair, I'm taking it slowly so as not to turn my hair orange.  Plus I'm only using a 20 developer at the moment.  This took my hair a color lighter, which is what I needed right now.  And it didn't damage my hair at all."
I think this face wash is gentler on my skin than those medicated face pads.  And I really like that there's no real scent to it.  I wouldn't want something overly fragrant; I have sensitive skin and can be effected by that.  It does a good job of cleaning my pores and makes my face feel fresh and clean.  I like it and would get it again.
"You can't beat this for the price!  I like that all 5 pens have a different size on one end and the opposite end is the same size on all 5 so you can have instant use of a larger size and a small dot.  The 10 rolls of tape are enough to do your nails a bazillion times.  Okay, bazilliion is an exaggeration but I think it will be more than I will ever use in my life time.  Loving this set!"
"This face mask is incredible! Perfect for all skin types, left my face silky smooth, plumped it up and was hydrated."
"My dandruff is not severe enough for me to need to use a dandruff shampoo every day. Over-the-counter products used sporadically whenever I have an outbreak are all I really need to keep my dandruff under control. My current go to product isNeutrogena T-Gel; it works Great but doesn't have a fragrance you would consider pleasant. This product seems to work almost, but not quite, as good and has a much more pleasant fragrance. While the fragrance is nice, it doesn't really stick with your hair the way a normal perfumed shampoo would. It does, however, smell much better than most dandruff shampoos."
"This lamp works great, does what it is supposed to do. But the bulbs sometimes move out of place and don't light up. You just have to push them in tightly to the sockets. I would purchase again!"
"I gave this a four star only because the larger bag. I had a problem with getting the zipper to unzip, but with a little bit of work I did get it to unzip. The smaller bag unzipped perfectly. I love the colors of the bags  These bags will stand out and you will be able to tell that it is for make up. I got these so that I can throw out the old ones that we have."
Esta base me encanta. Queda perfectamente esparcida sobre la piel. Tiene una muy f&aacute;cil forma de usarse y perdura en la piel durante todo el d&iacute;a. A mi me encanta y desde que me recomendaron la base no he dejado de usarla. La recomiendo pero sepan escoger bien el color seg&uacute;n su piel.
"This is a superb makeup! It gives my skin a radiant look and does not dry my skin. This makeup does not look pasty like so many do and the color really blends in so well with my skin. The only thing that I noticed is that after I have used it about one month, it seems to get thicker and thicker. What I do is shake it well and when there is a small space in the bottle, I add a few drops of water and shake well to blend.Great item. Highly recommend!"
I love the pomegranate!!! It works miracles on my hair!!! I finally figured out how to use it correctly. The bottle recommends 1-2 pumps as a leave-in. I loved the results from Wen but I noticed that my ends felt a little straw-like and not silky smooth. I finally figured out that adding 1-2 pumps was way too much for my fine hair. A pea size amount works wonders!!! It's absolutely silky smooth now. Pomegranate smells so wonderful and fruity. It's truely a dream come true for my hair!
"I am AA with 4 a/b type hair and I have been on natural hair journey since July of this year. I have tried so many products in hopes that my hair will respond the way I've seen products work for other people but to no avail. I then read up on reasons why hair may not hold moisture or be dull etc. on blackhairscience.com and one of the reasons given was the porosity of hair. It is well known that black people tend to have very porous hair and therefore need to use certain products to restore or correct the porosity level so that hair will grow and respond properly to products. So after doing the porosity test (place a few strands of freshly washed hair to room temperature water, let it sit for 2-3 mins and check to see if it has floated or sunk to the bottom) and finding out that I have high porosity hair one of the products suggested to restore balance is this product along with two other products. So I bought this product, along with the shampoo, mendex treatment and the leave in spray (yellow bottle).I don't know if I care for the Mendex treatment, I will use it a few more times and monitor how my hair feels with it verses without it. The shampoo is okay, I haven't really used it as much as I don't shampoo my hair that often however the conditioner is great! I noticed a slight difference after first use and have noticed my hair improving each week since purchasing and using it. I notice that my hair holds moisture better than before and it's not as dull as before. I did a porosity test my last wash and a few of my hairs floated!!! I also love the leave in spray as it has a really nice smell and does add a very nice sheen to my hair. I will continue to use these products as I'm seeing good results with them. I probably won't use the conditioner as my main conditioner for too much longer because once your hair is restored you dont' need to use as much so I will probably continue use for another month and then after that I will just add a tbsp to my deep conditioning treatment. As for the leave in I will continue to use this product and will make it a staple product for my hair. I'll do another update in another month or so about the Mendex treatment but the conditioner and leave in gets 5 stars from me!!**10/22 Update**For the past 2 weeks I've been using the shampoo and conditioner together and I've found the results to be much better than using the conditioner alone. After shampooing and rinsing I put the conditioner on for 30 secs as recommended(more like a minute or 2 because it takes a little while to cover whole head) and then I rinse out and deep condition with a moisturing conditioner (Suave Coconut or Herbal Essence Hello Hydration)mixed with coconut or olive oil and leave on for 30 mins under my heating cap. My hair has been softer and shinier and I just did a strand test again this morning and as opposed to a few weeks ago when just a few of the strands I put from different sections in my hair floated this time ""ALL"" of my hairs FLOATED!!I am so pleased and happy that I have found this product!! I strongly recommend buying both the shampoo and the conditioner and using them togther I believe you'll find the results much better than using the conditioner alone!"
"Works great, but does seem to leave that white ghost look even after it's rubbed in! The good part is it leaves your skin non-greasy looking, but does leave you looking very pale :)"
"I've been using this product nearly daily for about 5 months now, and really like it. I have hereditary dark circles, and no product can ever eliminate them, but this product makes them less noticeable for sure. My eyes feel so hydrated when using this, and I use it both morning and night. I feel really good about the ingredients in this and all Acure products and the money is well spent!"
PROS: I liked the way my lashes looked. It does make them look longer and fuller. The mascara went on smooth. I had no problems with clumps.CONS: I did end up getting mascara on my eyelids while I was putting it on. I hate that.4 STARS: I did like the effect but I wasn't blown away. I prefer to use Loreal Double Extend. No clumps and no issues with mascara on my eyelids.
Great set of lashes for a sexy alternative look!  Pair them with some of Shany's bright eyeshadows and you're all set to drop jaws!  Even if they aren't really for your everyday look- they work great to compliment a halloween costume!!
"I really like this product. My dermatologist recommended I try hyaluronic acid for some rough patches on my skin. Watts Skin Gel product is less expensive and seems to do as well as a prescription she gave me. A combination of hyaluronic acid, vitamin C and L-arginine, the product is thicker than most serums yet not as heavy as a cream. It goes on smoothly and absorbs easily.The product is packaged in a dark bottle to prevent it from breaking down in the light. The pump works easily and a cap secures the gel. I really like that it is a pump as that is much more hygenic than dipping ones fingers in a jar. Also I like the way it disperses better than other formulas that use a dropper.After applying the gel my skin felt smoother and appears fresher. A really nice product a great price point!"
"This product is hydrating, light and instantly calms the skin without overwhelming it with chemicals that other cremes have which tend to cause the skin to tingle and feel irritated. Highly recommended. I just wish it had a slight pleasant fragrance to it. But other than that I wouldn't change a single ingredient! Oh and Wal-**** and K-**** sell this for $10."
"I absolutely love this top coat! I have not purchased it through Amazon, however I have thought about it, until I noticed that it was a but pricier then where I normally get it. I have purchased mine from Sally Beauty Salon, and it is a very reasonable price. I have also heard that they have good deals on it at times!I love this top coat, as it shines so bright, and looks like the job of a professional! I actually had someone ask me if I got my nails done professionally multiple times after using this top coat.The top coat dries fairly fast, but I am a perfectionist, so I always wait 30-60 minutes for my second coat of polish to dry before I apply the Rock top coat. I live in the midwest, so I don't have the year round option to dry it in the sun. I have had no problems letting it dry and having great nails, even without a UV lamp or sitting outside in the sun. The Rock is usually dry to the touch after about 5 minutes, but I usually wait 45 minutes before I touch anything (again, I'm a perfectionist, so I don't want to risk having to do my nails all over again the next day!).I am planning to purchase a UV lamp, and after doing some research, have heard that the top coat only takes 2-3 minutes to cure when used with a UV lamp.I have absolutely NO complaints about this product, as it has help up to my expectations, as well as exceeded them. I can't wait to see how awesome it works with the UV lamp."
"well its shaving cream, it does what it should... came quickly, packaged well, no issues, same price as in stores, with free shipping through the add on (I just added it to get to the $25 free shipping lol), but it smells really good, and this is my fav shaving cream, it lathers well, is always well prices everywhere, always easy to find, and doesn't leave my skin dry, and I never cut myself using this, so many good things, highly recommended!"
"I put this on after moisturizer and before mineral makeup. I apply it under my eyes, on my eyelids and on my smile lines next to my nose (where I tend to get red). I didn't realize my eyelids were being minimized because of darkness until I applied this. It makes me look much perkier. :-) Some people posted that it's a really tiny container. I think it's decent sized and will last forever. I use very, very little each day even though I apply it liberally with a concealer brush."
This was a great price from the seller...around $30 less than department stores.  Fast shipping too!  The new Ferragamo scents are wonderful for the summer...this one has some pomegranate/mango in it which pairs well with Bath & Body Works' Midnight Pomegranate body spray.
"fast shipping, good product, look and feel nice, cant wait to use them!the brush part is longer than pictured which i love!!good price!"
"Again, you will not be disappointed. This product can sit on the shelves with MAC, FASHION FAIR,  etc. I PROMISE you."
I really like these Cetaphil wipes. They are handy to carry on a trip or to the gym. They work well removing dirt and makeup. They left my skin feeling clean and not filmy like some wipes do. They are a bit pricey so I will still use my Cetaphil cleanser at home.
"Love the price, (name) good stuff and it does work well for wavy hair.  Just enough ingrediants to both condition the hair and not weigh it down. Other similar stuff is too heavy and oily."
"I've been flat ironing my hair for over 12 years and in that time I've tried quite the assortment of hair straighteners from high to low end and from a variety of different brands.  To date, CHI has been my favorite because I have felt you really do get what you pay for.  Cheaper hair straighteners have never quite compared as their life span never seems as long, my hair seems more prone to drying out with use, and often ergonomically they just aren't as comfortable to use.  However after trying this hair straightener, I find myself questioning my loyalty because it works well and at an affordable price.This model truly has everything I could want from a hair straightener.  It heats up quickly and indicates when the iron has heated up.  It also has a good range of temperatures.  Since I have thick, wavy hair I always tend to use the highest setting available, but it is nice to know that if someone else wants to borrow it that it offers a sense of control.  I also think that the width of the iron is perfect.  When I first started flat ironing my hair I used wider irons because with thick hair, I thought it would make flat ironing faster.  However, it gave me much less control and made it very hard to straighten close to the root so over time, I have found a thinner iron to be much preferred.Most importantly, it is effective and pleasant to use.  Every hair straightener feels a little different to use so sometimes I find some time is needed to acclimate to a new one, but I found this one easy to adjust to right out of the box.  It closes smoothly and without a lot of effort.  It also seems to have a bit of give to it, which makes it easier to get a good grip on the hair and have some control.  I don't feel like I have this with my current iron (Remington S7210 Wet 2 Straight Flat Iron with Soy Hydra Complex, 1 Inch) so this is a welcome improvement.  It means I don't have to deal with problems of my hair slipping, which means I can straighten my hair faster.  I also haven't had any issues with hair catching on the seams of the iron, which is great for hair health.  I also love that this iron is designed such that it is easier to straighten nearly all the way to the root without burning your scalp.  I definitely find that I can get much closer than I can with my Remington iron. It's also well designed to curl your hair under slightly if you prefer that versus a totally straight look.  I also love that the iron has a nice long cord which is great when you have a less than convenient outlet (this is especially true when traveling) or when you are sharing the bathroom with someone.As far as maintaining heat goes, I thought this did a pretty good job.  I did notice that it the temperature light would occasionally flash while flat ironing my hair indicating it still needed to heat up to temperature, but it always seemed to get back to where it needed to be quite quickly.  (And granted, I was using this on the highest setting on thick long hair, so your experience may vary.I also LOVE that it will automatically shut off after 60 minutes.  I'm often in a rush in the morning and paranoid that I forgot to turn off my iron, so this gives me peace of mind.Overall, I've found this to be a fantastic iron.  Out of the box I've been very impressed with how it performed, especially since I came in skeptical it would be as good as my CHI.  The one thing I can't fairly evaluate yet is the lifespan of this product.  In my experience more affordable hair straighteners have often died at the year, year and a half mark after regular use while my CHI lasted for at least four years.  So while the others may have seemed cheaper initially, they were more expensive in the long run since I had to purchase a new iron more often.  As I keep using this iron I will update my review to reflect the lifespan.Bottom line, this is a fantastic iron for the money!  I also think it is worth mentioning that when it comes to getting silky, smooth, straight hair that it is also helpful to make sure your hair is fully dried before you use this or any flat iron (While some may claim they work on wet hair, they have never been that effective in my experience) and to use good products when flat ironing your hair.  I have found that using products that protect your hair from heat has made a world of difference in keeping my hair feeling healthy over time."
This Vaseline Lotion helps with my husbands winter dry skin. It absorbs quickly and is non-greasy. Love the fact you just spray without having to rub it in.
finally found an eyeliner that you can put on your inner eye lid and lasts all day with that fabulous black!! worth the money.
"This is another body wash that lathers well and smells nice. It's pretty ordinary, I guess. The color is a little off-putting, actually; too obviously dyed blue. I havnet used it enough to know if it's truly ""hydrating"" over the long run, but it feels pretty good after about a week."
"With my son, we used a different brand of wipes for frequent face clean-ups and boogery messes. My daughter has much more sensitive skin so nothing worked for her until we got these, they are gentle and one wipe can do her hands and face. We swear by them and although they are mainly used for my 10 month old, they are great for a quick face clean-up for my 4 year old as well. I would suggest them to any busy mom on-the-go!"
"I use the whole line of these products, and I'm thrilled with them.  Spraying the toner feels almost like standing under a mister.  I also really like the fact that the toner comes in a spray bottle, so I don't have to use cotton balls or similar."
"This product comes as a complete package and consists of a hand wand approximately 5 inches long, two snap in/out heads, 2 AA Duracell batteries, a tube of exfoliating cleanser, amd a tube of self-warming thermal crystal polisher.  It is compact and can easily be transported on trips.  I really like the concept of having EVERYTHING you need in this kit when you bring it home.  (How many times do you get something home and say, ""Oh poo!  I need XYZ-450 batteries""!).  Again you get everything and it operates on easy-to-find batteries. :) The wand even shows you which way the batteries go in. (Some other companies are getting lazy with that one.)The wand has 3 speeds: one for gentle cleansing (with facial cleansing brush), one for deep cleansing (with facial cleansing brush), and one for microdermabrasion (with microdermabraision foam head).  If you are looking at the package, the microdermabraision head is the smooth one.The package claims:-- ""after 1 microdermabraision use, see noticeable improvement in the appearance of fine lines, radiance, brightness, and pores.-- after 2 microdermabraision uses, visibly improved texture and more even skin tone.-- after 5 days of system use, over 90% of women noticed silkier, smoother-feeling skin, and a visible improvement in dullness and overall appearance of skin.""  The package also promises satisfaction or refund, with receipt and within 60 days of purchase.  I believe I saw immediate results the morning after my first microdermabrasion treatment.The manufacturer recommends limiting microdermabrasion treatments to two per week and on non-consecutive days. The in-between days, you use the face wash and the face wash brush. Of course, this product is not to be used on the delicate skin around your eyes.There are several brands of Microdermabrasion cleansing kits out there, Olay is easy to find.  If you need replacement brush or polishing heads, you should be able to find them easily.  AA batteries are a plus, too.  For the skin cleanser or scrub cream, again, Olay products are everywhere.  If you want to use another facial cleanser or scrubber, you should not have any problems there either. (I used other brands.)  I suggest you dampen the head before use and rinse it off after use, pat it dry, and set it somewhere to thoroughly dry overnight (medicine cabinet or wherever).  I also suggest you remove the head while wetting and rinsing it off.The only thing I would like to see added would be a small, cloth, zippered fabric bag/case, about 6 inches long, with ""Olay"" on it (Hint to manufacturer), that would keep everything together.  (Of course, you could also use one of those free makeup bags you get from cosmetics companies, BUT I would think Olay would want to take this opportunity to advertise their product.  It would probably only cost them about 50 cents more.)"
"I've been looking for a shampoo that will give some volume and lift to my hair.  As I have become totally grey, I have also noticed my hair thinning.  I saw a commercial for this shampoo and decided to try it.  I immediately noticed my hair feeling more full after the first wash.  My hair is chin length with some layers, and it definitely added some lift.  I have not been using conditioner but find that my hair is still soft and not tangled.  I plan to try out their conditioner as well."
"I have long hair that is fine (not to be confused with thin) and I have a lot of it. These 2 conditions usually mean tangles galore. I can condition 2-3 times with brands like Treseme and Pantene and still have horrible tangles throughout my hair, which are almost impossible to get out without tearing my hair out. With moroccan oil conditioner, this was not a problem. My hair immediately felt silky soft and I didn't have to deal with any tangles! And I found the smell to be very pleasant. I tend to wash my hair every 2-3 days and this conditioner does well with that length of time. Overall, one of the best hair conditioners I have tried! It's definitely part of my regular conditioner routine. I recommend it to everyone!"
"This brush is not terrible, but not all that impressive either. It was really stiff. Really stiff. I felt like I had to bend the bristles in order to ""activate"" it. I was quite surprised. I purchased two of them, and ended up testing them both on myself to see if the first was a fluke. Sadly it was not. I am a makeup artist, and I was hoping to add a few of these to my kit, but I don't believe I will."
"Hello Hydration Moisturizing Conditioner lives up to its name.  It is moisturizing!  I really like the rich, creamy consistency and it has so much slip that you must make sure you've got one of those bath mats with grip in your bathtub!  Of course, the slip equals fine detangling agent and the scent. . . this is conditioner candy for the hair.  I love the scent, an orchid vanilla. A subtle scent that lingers. I would purchase it for the scent alone.  Luckily, it's one of the best conditioners in the drugsstore world.  It's cheap, available everywhere and works like a dream.  My hair feels great when I use this and I also use it as a leave-in.  No heavy or greasy hair. All in all, Hello Hydration is quite a value."
"I have been using this for several months and when I use it , it really does hide the lines in your lips,,not sure if it helps them for a longer period of time, then each time you use it. But, it works ..."
"This is a nice facial moisturizer for the winter months. I like it however, I don't think it has even out my skin. Maybe I need to use it for a bit longer, afterall I've only been using it for over 2 months."
A+ this stuff rocks!! It is way better than the mac fix plus and cheaper and it smells really good
Dove Men Care Sensitive Face Wash is a face wash especially designed for men with sensitive skin. Like a lot of Dove products it is gentle on your skin and works as an added moisturizer as it is clinically proven to fight skin dryness. It leaves my husband's face feeling silky smooth before and after he's shaved and I absolutely love it. Although the face wash hydrates and moisturizes your skin it will not last all day/night so I would recommend using with Dove Face lotion as well. It's worth a try especially if your have sensitive or dry skin.
"I have incredibly dry, irritated skin. I shave my legs every night and it makes them very irritated and itchy. This lotion calms my skin down instantly and keeps them soft and supple well into the next day. This lotion is extremely thick though, so I reccommend using it before bed, not before squeezing into skinny jeans!"
"This was my first use of this type of product to cover graying hair.  I could not have hoped for better results.  The process is messy, but worth the beautiful rich color this product provides."
"This is comparable to the more costly combs. Very smooth finish. Teeth are well made and thick, so they won't easily break. Shaped nicely so it's easy to handle. Combs out snarls with ease."
"My mother and I went to the clothing store to select a perfume for myself, and we stumbled upon this perfume. She loved it so much she almost bought it herself, but decided not to because of the price. When I found it online I was so exited I bought it for her for a present. She was SO exited!She says it lasts all day and has a wonderful scent that I actually find comforting and soft. My father loves this as well. I know what to continue to get her! :) Very good product."
"I bought this Revlon ""Kiss Me Coral"" lipstick about a month ago for the first time.  Although it is labelled as Coral, it is actually more like it looks in the picture--a slightly orange-y red.  I was nervous about that when I purchased it, but it turns out it actually is very flattering with my skin--I have very light, fairly neutral skin (I do get red cheeks, but with foundation it evens out). It works well whether it's applied and blotted just a little bit (for a nighttime look usually) or for a daytime look, if it's blotted a lot it looks like more of a stain.I also think it looks very pretty when I use it as a cream blush (very lightly applied of course).  It's a ""creme"" lipstick, so it's not sparkly and it's also not matte--very creamy and smooth.  It lasts rather long as a lipstick actually, and for me I need minimal applications throughout the day.When I originally bought this, I was looking actually for a lighter more true ""coral"" color (I was thinking more pink) but I guess I'm just attracted to bright reds!  I am glad I went with my instincts and chose this."
This towel really absorbs water. I am ready to start on my hair only a few minutes after wearing this towel.
I like this. a nice alternative to the much more expensive clinique version and it doesn't irritate my skin or make me breakout.
"Nice. I have been using this for 2 weeks now. And I have noticed that there is some difference in my skin. It looks more radiant. I am indian and have slightly deeper skin tones. I was debating between this and body shop. i have tried Chanel, CLarins , Lancome. THis one has been really good on my sensitive skin. I had breakouts with clarins brightening line. But this one has been really awesome. I am going to try more products from this company. The ecru is on my mind next as in am in my 30s"
"This is a beautiful, well-made travel bag that I cannot wait to use when I get home. Originally I ordered it to lug my toiletries back & forth to the showers (I am currently deployed in Afghanistan), but the removable compartments are not large enough to store full-size toiletry items. I still love it and do not regret purchasing it because it will be a great makeup organizer when I get back home. It is sturdy & well made. I would definitely recommend to others who are in need of something to organize their cosmetics and other small items. Love!"
"Along with Bedhead's Mega Whip, this gives me good hair. I've tried Jonathan mousse, Pantene, Kerastase, and others, but this gives the best results. Makes my hair appear fuller, and my hair is very thin."
"I have never heard of this brand before I bought these polishes, but I have not been disappointed. They are all very pretty colours, all suitable for daily wear. They go on lovely and dry fast. They look great as a base for stamping as well. Some reviewers have mentioned that the polish has a strong smell, which it does, but you can hardly judge a polish by it's smell! I personally think the colours are beautiful and look very classy. I will definitely purchase from Kleancolor again!"
"Epson Salts make for a great way to relax and invigorate your body and skin, but I didn't really know why or how. A little search on Google and I discovered some basic things.Epson salts make for a ""relaxing bath, a face scrub and a hair volumizer. It's also a miracle cure-all, helping to remove splinters and reduce swelling of sprains and bruises"". Sprains and Bruises? That's why it feels so great after a workout.""Epsom salts is good for relaxing muscles and drawing toxins from the body, sedative for the nervous system, reduces swelling, relaxes muscles, and is a natural emollient, exfoliator, and much more"".Relaxing muscles, drawing out toxins, sedates the nervous system, reduces swelling, is an emollient and more? This is now a regular ritual for me at the end of a day or workout. Product generously supplied by San Francisco Bath Salt Company."
I love this sunscreen.  It has the same familiar Hawaiian Tropic sent.  it provides the lovely feeling moisture to my skin with out feeling weighted down and muggy in the hot sun.  I usually use a higher SPF but have found myself reaching for this and just reappling for protection and the great moisturizing feel on my skin.
"colors are nice and i use it everyday for my contouring, especially the brown and i use a combination of the pink blushes and the white for eyeshadow"
This is an okay dryer. I was a bit concerned about purchasing due to the reviews on it being heavy...but it isn't heavy. Performance is good but nothing stellar. No problems retracting cord...just hold the end of it so it doesn't flop. There is some power behind it.I'd say the most off putting thing about this dryer is the noise! It honestly reminded me of the shriek of the Nazgul. I got used to it after the initial shock. So far so good-seems to be worth the money.
It works! This is great under all shadows even expensive. Don't trash cheap shadows purchase this and see the colors pop and last.
"This is a really good dryer with lots of power and heat, but it is a little heavy.  I bought the Babyliss travel dryer first, which weighs almost nothing, so that could be affecting my gauge on weight."
I don't know why no one sells this in any stores! 100% aloe vera from fruit of the earth is the only aloe vera gel I will ever buy. You won't be disappointed with this product.
"The Eclos Moisture Therapy Regenerative Cream is a medium-weight moisturizer to be used day and night.  I like the texture, but the fragrance of the cream is off-putting.  It has the odor of a facial hair bleach.  This does not detract from the appeal of the way it feels on the face.  I think it truly is a great moisturizer."
"I use clinique products on a daily basis, but I love doing this mask either weekly or every other week depending on how my skin is feeling.  It makes things feel nice and tight and supper soft!"
"I have never tried anything like this cream.  I have tried night creams in the past, and would wake up with my face sticking to my pillow case, and having to wash it.  This stuff just disappears.I have always been told that nothing you apply topically can make any difference, but this cream has changed my mind about that idea.  I have really dry skin, so this stuff is probably best for my skin type.If you are younger, have oily skin, or pimples or eruptions, i would get a lighter formula.It is always best to go to a make-up counter and test several brands.  I really lucked out with this product, because i have never found something so perfect for my skin."
"I bought this foam head to have a place for my wig. It works well with short wigs like others have mentioned, but heavier wigs such as ones with pony tails not so much."
"I started to use this when my son's school mates keep getting lice and i refused to have to go through that craziness. I spray it in his hair every morning before school. I follow the directions and make sure I get it on his neck and shoulders too, and so far we haven't had to deal with lice, knock on wood. The scent is strong but does dissipate about 10 minutes later. Also this is a really great leave in conditioner, I've used it on my hair that's down to my waist many times and it really helps with tangles. Also this bottle will last for a long time."
I have been using this item for about a  month. I don't really see a fantastic change in lines around my mouth or forehead. Probably would not but again for the price.
AWESOME PRODUCT! I DEF RECOMMEND
"I color my hair allot mostly something in the red family, well red fades fast and of course it not healthy to color every-time I fell like so I was happy to try this color enhancer/extension from John Frieda. I have only tried the one bottle but I notice enhanced shine, and a slower fading of my salon color. So if you want hold on to that color or stay close to it give this a try...it is not a hair dye it merely works with what you have already."
"This mirror is huge, but feels flimsy, as though it might fall out of the plastic covering if I shake it too much. It's good for the price, but I wouldn't use this as my only mirror."
I'm not a &#34;hair momma&#34; but my youngest daughter wanted to get one of those cute A line bob type cuts.  We loved what the stylist did but eventually you wash it and it never looks as good as what the professionals do :(  She did the best she could herself but she really needed mom to step in and give her a little extra help. I decided to try out his whip and we both loved the smell.  It was sticky on my hand but her hair turned out so soft and silky. She said the front felt so nice and why doesn't the back ever feel that way... what do you know the back was as nice as the front after trying this whip.  Glad we have a month to practice before school starts  but I need all the help I can get and this will help me whip it into great shape.
"I really like this product. It keeps my oily face shine free for about 5-6 hours.A tip, use very little product. If you use a lot, then this product won't work very well."
"Muy bueno, para que la mujer quede con un olor y una fragancia muy agradable y seductora para el hombre"
"The Fallene Cotz is a very effective, non-greasy and quick absorbing sunscreen. One of the issues with many sunscreens is that they leave your hands and body greasy and have an over-powering smell.  Fallene Cotz is easy to apply, strong protection, long lasting, and perfect for sensitive skin.My only issue is the cost... Fallene Cotz is roughlu three times the cost of standard ""Baanans Boat"" varieties. If you value the high quality a high quality sunscreen then this is the product for you. While ""Banana Boat"" has sunscreen varieties that offer similar protection I often feel a ""film"" on my skin which is absent when I use the Fallene Cotz.Overall score -A+ for the productC for the costOverall - A-"
"This is the second bottle of Hyaluronic Acid Serum i have purchased i havent finished the first one but wanted a backup.This Serum looks like water but is thick not runny so far i am very happy with the results while using this .I use this twice a day morning and night i dont even need to use a full dropper i use 3/4 and that is enough to spread around my face than i follow up with my face cream .I have noticed the lines around my lips have faded almost not there anymore and the bags under mys eyes have faded! This Serum provides great hydration and the price is great ,I plan on buying this for now on since i have seen great results ! I use Retinol  at night never use Retinol during the day just incase you never used it ,you will burn ,and in the AM i use Image over this serum. Sellers great arrives fast would recommend."
"I've been on the market for quite some time, trying to find the perfect body wash for my eczema; something that truly won't irritate my dry skin.It has been a long journey, but I believe this fits me perfectly. It's smooth and smells great, and I don't have to immediately slather myself with oils and lotions as I come out of the shower, because it really does lock in moisture. It's pure, not as diluted and filled with fragrances like many name-brands out there. If you have dry skin, sensitive skin or just don't respond well to the regular body wash brands, this is the one for you, as it was for me."
Does what it says keeps my pores nice and clean works good Get some!Will be buying more in the future!
I loved this product when I first started it as a sample it does the job spots go away quick
"This is a light weight, non-greasy spray that makes my hair super shiny.  Anything else I've ever used either hasn't made my hair shiny or it left it feeling sticky, so I highly recommend this spray."
"I got this product for my two grandsons who have fine hair and often have fly-aways and need just a little bit of hold to make their hair stay styled and not turn into a mess throughout the day. This product smells good, it has a nice scent without being over-powering. The hold is enough for what I am looking for. I don't know how well it would do on a girl's long hair because as I said I use this product on two little boys. I like that it isn't sticky and I don't have to wash their hair every night to get gunky product out.I think this is a great product for kids and I have really been pleased with the whole line of Suave products meant for children."
Love the soft and light scent of this lotion. Will definitely purchase other scent. Good moisturizer also. Leaves your skin feeling no to heavy.
"I got the whole line of this product. After applying this acne cream on to my blemishes, the shrunk down drastically by the next morning! No irritation. Pleasant smell. Happy with results."
Gives me just the right amount of coverage without being too heavy. I wish they still sold this product in stores! I cant get enough of it!!
"I think this does help i dont know if i saw crazy results right away though, but it did help my nails become stronger"
"I purchased this in Sparkling Satin. I googled and reviewed swatches before purchasing, so I had a good idea of what I would be receiving. I will say it is a bit more &#34;slippery&#34; than I expected, so re-applying will be necessary I am sure, but overall a nice color."
"been using product for years on my face.  very strong.  just one quick spray, and it lasts for days!  natural looking.takes a few hours for full color to set in, but instant shade darker.  so don't over spray!  be patient."
"This was my first curling wand. It was tricky at first but after a few tries I was actually good at it. It was much easier than my old curling iron. The heat protective glove was very helpful. You really need it. It takes about 30 seconds to heat-up and with 410F max heat! It's hot so please be careful! The on/off and temperature buttons are at the same level as the handle so you don't accidentally hit them by a mistake.The 1/2-1 wand is just perfect for everyday curls. It also has 60 minutes automatic shut-off just in case we forget to turn it off. This wand is a keeper. I would recommend doing your hair from inside-out... so you will have that fuller volume. But if you are in a hurry, you can just do the outside part of your hair and then the inside of the bottom. My guy likes my hair curly and this wand does its job well! You feel sexier and he thinks so too!!!"
ITS AWESOME BUT $11 CHEAPER ON EYESLIPSFACE.COM THIS IS A RIP OFF GO TO THE ACTUAL WEBSITE AND BUY IT THERE!!!
These are very cute and there are a ton of them. Great deal for the price. Only problem for me is I was hoping to use them for crafting and they're very small which would make that difficult. Otherwise very happy with this product.
I absolutely love this color! It's perfect for Spring and Summer and the formula is awesome. OPI polishes are great.
"I didn't love the effects of this Peace cream but liked it.  It holds my hair well, a bit more weight than I normally would prefer.  This will be potentially a great cream for those with very thick hair.  The scent is subtle and good."
"I just love this line of hair product! Their Keratin conditioner is now my favorite and I use this after conditioning with that and my hair is so shiny & bouncy, soft and healthy feeling! Their dark blue bottled Keratin line has brought my hair back to life! I have a lot of very fine long hair that's in the sun and ocean a lot. My hair gets super dry, snarled and almost dreadlocked if I don't condition or keep leave conditioner in regularly.I've used macadamia nut healing oil leave in conditioner treatment and the Moroccan oil treatment and I actually use this product before both of those now as extra softener.If you're looking for a good conditioner I would seriously suggest this product line's conditioner and their conditioning tub works great too."
I have only used this 2 times but can already see an improvement.  It does burn and the 1st time I could only keep it on my face 2 minutes before I had to start rinsing.  The 2nd try I could leave it on 4 minutes.  I will continue to use this product.
Not only does this mascara make my lashes look thick & long they never ever clump. Now I have used this product with the changeable brush and had problems with that so I went back to this one.  You can never go wrong with BOXOM.Long LastingDoes not ClumpLengthens LashesThickens LashesEasy to wipe off without tugging skinAge Range: 40-45
"I already saw what the face attachment does so I knew I had to get the spot brush. There was a difference for sure, everywhere I used this it was soft and smooth. When you apply your body lotion, skin treatment etc, it seems to absorb better. In the winter I tend to ignore my feet so they end up more than a little dry, after I ran this over my feet, the dryness was was gone and my foot cream worked better than before. Clarisonic is all about quality."
"This pallette is perfect for someone who wants to play around with makeup, try out new looks, and get used to working with colors.  All of the shadows are good quality and highly pigmented, though like a lot of other reviewers I do recommend using an eyeshadow base to help get the most color payoff from the shadows.  I recommend NYX Cosmetic's white eyeshadow base to get the truest and most vivid color payoff (even better than skin tone primers) plus it is less than $10, much less than primers/bases like those by Urban Decay.  The 40 colors are all very bright and there is enough variety to allow for a wide range of makeup looks.  Used with a good base, these shadows will go a long way, and will give you lots of color to play around with if you are experimenting with new looks or unfamiliar techniques.  And considering that this entire pallette is the same retail price that some companies charge for a single pressed shadow, it's easy to see the value in this collection.  Don't fear: this isn't the cheap, chalky powder you sometimes find in value kits (think of those gift sets you see around the holidays where you get a cute case and truly terrible makeup!) - these shadows are small but as good as other pricier brands.  If you are just getting started, or need a cheap way to change up your look, this pallette will serve you well."
"Bought this because I found a good price on it on here.  Its not the normal night cream that I normally buy but I decided to give it a try.  I really love how it smells and its not too thick but just the right amount thick.  I really like how my skin has looked after using this for just a few weeks.  Next time, I'm going to buy this when I'm out of my current one."
The only thing that bothers me about this is that there are no temperature controls.  You have to be SUPER careful if you are going to use on your hair.  Check your iron with a paper towel and see if it is burned.  Better the towel than your hair!  Definitely work out what temp (how long you heat your irons) works best for your hair- not everyone is the same
"I am not particularly vain but I am very proud of my hair.  I flat iron it almost every day so I always use some type of heat protector.  There are alot of them out there to choose from, and some are super expensive (which I have tried) and others like Tresemme are very afforable.  I really can't tell a difference between the super high priced protectors and Tresemme, so I am sticking with Tresemme.  What I really like is that it does seem to keep my hair from getting damaged from my daily flat iron use.  My hair always looks silky and healthy and I get alot of complements on my hair.  The bottle is really great too, as is the handle pump.  It sprays easily and comes out as a nice mist so that it provides good coverage.  I am happy with this product and feel good recommending it."
"I use this after I blow dry my hair because sometimes it looks like it needs a little extra moisture.  This works great.  I will buy this again.  It does have an odor, but unlike some of the reviews that I read about it, it does not smell offensive.  I have had a lot of people tell me that they like how I smell, but it's actually my hair they are smelling."
wors great makeup goes on flawless and even will definatly buy another one in the future bought one for my mom also
"I previously used Infiniti by Conair as my preferred straightener, and while I really liked it, now I have used this flat iron there is no going back.I really liked the way this iron felt on my hair. It felt... smoother. It isn't as wide my other iron, but it didn't seem to make much difference over all. The smaller size and rounded edges allowed me to easily iron closer to the scalp.This iron heats up really quickly and has a nice range of temperature (235F to 450F), which is both lower and higher than my old iron.(for reference, my hair is long and medium-fine wavy)I do have one complaint - the temperature is displayed in celsius, with no apparent way to switch it to fahrenheit. Looking at the Amazon page, it kind of makes it look like fahrenheit is the default, which feels a little like false advertising."
"This is probably the first volumizing product that has ever worked for my hair, and I have tried just about everything there is out there, from cheap to expensive, from shampoos to mousses to gels and sprays.  I have baby fine hair that is very limp and has no volume on its own.  I use Redken when my hair is damp and again after I've dried it with a blow dryer.  I think it adds a little extra volume when I add it to dry hair.  Anyway, it gives me great volume and I like it because I don't end up having to tease my hair because it already looks like I did! It doesn't weigh my hair down either, I can't feel the product in my hair, it's just bouncier and really full looking.  This product is great; will keep buying and hope it continues to work!"
I love jumbo braid hair. I have purchased it over and over again and will continue to repurchase in the future.
This seems to work; after a few months my skin is definitely more smooth and glowing.  I am no longer struggling with dead / dry skin flakes clogging my pores.
"I bought the light for the CND Shellac nails and they set up perfectly per the directions on each of the polish bottles (base coat, color & top coat). Any imperfection in my nails was due to my own difficulties in applying only a *thin* layer of polish.The directions for the light are virtually non-existent. Not that it's a complicated machine, but don't forget to take the protective covering off the mirrors and the light tubes! :)"
"there are an unlimited number of options to what color combo's, mixes and matches you could do with this makeup set and the price is great!"
"I have shoulder length, fairly thick, wavy hair with a bit of frizz throughout; not a lot, but enough to make it a PAIN!!  Over the years I have tried everything on the market at one time or another.  I recently stumbled across this product on AMAZON and, after reading some of the reviews, I decided I would try it.  I am so glad I did because this product is really excellent.  Although a tiny bit sticky while applying, it truly does what it claims.  It dries with no trace of sticky or crunchiness that I have gotten with other products.  It helps shape curls/waves, but also conditions my hair while it tames frizzies.  My hair no longer feels dry and brittle.  A little bit goes a LONG way so it will last a long time.  It smells very pleasant, simple and clean instead of heavily perfumed, and is easy to apply."
"I love the color and how smooth it glides on. I don't like putting eye liner on my lower water line. It just smears eventually so I avoid putting there at all. I usually tight line with this and it comes off within like 30 minutes. It smudges down to my water line just a bit. But if you don't have watery eyes like me, this is perfect for you."
"I choose this one because I started using Zoya Nail polishes.  It is excellent.  It doesn't take a lot of work to get the polish off. Works well with OPI and Revlon also.  Good cleaner also,  leaving the nail clean if you are just dong a polish change.  Definitely one that I'd use.  I have not tried it on Acrylics or extended wear polish because I don't use them."
I've been using alba products for over a year now. I originally started using alba when I got some weird rash around my mouth. I had to switch my normal facial products to something with no harsh chemicals. The only product I found was alba. No more rashes either. I really like this face lotion because it doesn't leave my face greasy. It's perfect in my opinion and what a great deal. Two jars for 16!  You will pay 14 for one jar at your local store. I would recommend! And shipping was super fast!
"This particular hair dryer would be better used on someone with shorter, thinner hair. The power is just not there for someone with thicker, longer or curlier hair. For the most basic of needs it works quite well, but be prepared to spend a little while under the dryer. However I think the price more than makes up for its short-comings. It feels very lightweight and you get some heat/cool settings to play with. It also comes with a couple of diffusers, one of which I never use. My hair is nearly waist-length and quite wavy and it takes forever to dry it with this dryer. I use this only for quick scalp drying and I have a more heavy duty dryer for when I need to completely blow-dry all my hair. For the money it's a pretty good buy, but not ideal for everyone."
"I was kind of sceptical at first with this product because their were not very many reviews on it. I needed something to even out my face color with my neck. I do not wear powder or foundation on my face because it makes me break out so much. This is what I chose to try. This product is one of the best things I have ever used on my face. It really does even out my skin tones and it does look healthy. The first week I started using it, I put it on every night. It only took one week to get to the color I wanted. Now I only put it on every other day. I would recommend this product to anyone that had the same problem as I have had for so long."
"This is a truly amazing product. So often you don't get what the manufacturer promises in their description, but in this case, you will. First of all, this eye gel comes packaged fantastically, in a decorative box with a velvet bag covering the jar. The jar is small enough to fit inside a makeup bag so it is perfect for travel.The eye gel itself has a very mild and pleasant scent and feels good on the skin. I have very sensitive skin and have to be careful which products I choose. I have been using this now for the past week without a single issue. The gel is cooling and after just a few minutes, you can see a visible difference in the way the skin surrounding your eyes looks. The puffiness and small lines and wrinkles look reduced and after a few hours look even better.Used morning and night, this has made a huge difference in the dark circles under my eyes and the tightness and texture of my skin. The product is easy to use and comes with a simple applicator so you don't have to get it all over your fingers and under your nails. I wear it under my usual makeup and you can't even tell that it is there.I definitely recommend this eye gel to women who struggle with trying to keep the skin surrounding their eyes looking young and bright. A wonderful product, well worth the time to use."
"Banana Boat Sport Cool Zone Sunscreen sprays on cool and refreshingly, and does an excellent job of preventing sunburn. I burn very easily and have tried many products. I like this one because it goes on clean, isn't messy to apply and is effective. The coolness of the spray is nice and I really like the scent. Highly recommend."
"This is a good face wash for sensitive skin. The fragrance is light and does not last long. I would prefer more of a scent, but I realize other people feel different.Still, the product cleans well and has nice packaging."
"Just after several uses, my hair feels smooth, healthy, and less dandruff.Washing my hair with this shampoo/conditioner is soothing and refreshing.Good smell and does what it intends to do. Highly recommended"
"Here's another one of those lower-priced products that promises so much, and probably delivers nothing, right? Wrong! This shampoo and conditioner from Pantene really works!First of all, let's start with what it's not. It's not a dying shampoo which will make your hair brown, or even a different shade of brown. Quite to the contrary, Brunette Expressions has no color enhancing ingredients whatsoever.Instead, Brunette Expressions is an excellent shampoo and conditioner that somehow works with your hair's color to not change it (as the daily use of some products will!), but to actually make it look more rich. I love the way that Brunette Expressions makes my hair so soft and lustrous, and so very manageable. This is a great product, one that I highly recommend to all my fellow brunettes!(Review of Pantene Pro-V Brunette Expressions Daily Color Enhancing Conditioner)"
"This is a small box of the 3 WoW EFFECT products- it contains5ml (0.17oz) tube of the Cleansing Makeup Remover/Toner5ml ().17oz) tube of the anti-aging serum3ml (0.1oz) packet of the anti-wrinkle maskA Wow Effect booklet explaining the products in detail and how to use them.Note that these are very small amounts of products, good for, according to the book, ONE WoW Effect Cycle.  I felt I used the products rather liberally and had enough for 3 days, with one mask use.The products are designed to be used together.The cleanser is used each time before either serum or mask is used.  It preps the skin so that the ingredients work better and the skin has the optimal Ph for the products to work.The first night I used the cleanser and the serum.  The second night I used the cleanser, the mask, and then the serum.  In just 3 days, (I noticed a big jump in brightnesss and firmness on my 2nd night) my skin was noticeably brighter and firmer, with improvement showing in the finer wrinkles under my eyes and on my forehead. My skin feels extremely smooth and hydrated.The cleanser is clear and non-irritating.  The serum is heavy, thick, and a bit sticky.  It only halfway absorbs into my skin and to be honest, I wasn't so sure about it at first.  The mask is clear, thick, and goes on like a shiny thick oil.  It doesn't dry like clay, or peel off, it just sits on the skin.  The mask is my favorite - I left mine on for the full 20 minutes and when I rinsed it off, I saw amazing improvement in my skin tone and firmness.  This is the best facial mask I've ever used.Though the sizes of these products are small, this set of products works well to introduce you to the product line, to try it out, or if you just want to primp for a big event coming up.  I did not experience any redness or irritation, and with some products my skin can get red.  I didn't have any problems at all with this product.ProsSkin noticeably brighter, causing it to look younger, smootherSkin looks firmer, jaw line looks a bit more sculptedSkin feels very soft day after first use of cleanser and serumProduct is very easy to use, clear, and gentleNo 'pilling' of product if you massage skinMask has a slightly warm, relaxing feel to it that I found enjoyableConsProduct sizes are small - just note that before buyingSerum feels thick - but hey - it works!I was given a sample of this product in order to evaluate and give an honest review. I review a lot of skincare products by different companies- this is one of the best yet."
The smell of this product is amazing. I love what it does to my skin and so do my friends and family! Only thing is how well it work! My family members and friends won't stop feeling on me.
"I found this product on vacation. They used Nubar in a &#34;green&#34; spa on me and I wondered how long it would really last. It lasted longer than my loved OPI....and I ordered here to replace OPI to be less toxic. I am very happy with Nubar. I bought the base coat, colors and top coat.....happy with all so far."
"I got my Cleansing System about 10 days ago, and use it every night with the exfoliating cream that came with it. Over the weekend, I noticed my skin was looking really, really good and after some thought, it occurred to me that the only thing I was doing differently was using the System. I am plagued with small regular breakouts and clogged pores even though I'm in my late 50's, and now I'm seeing a vast improvement in my skin. Olay has put out a terrific product here and it's worth every penny of the very reasonable price. If you want to see your skin look brighter, smoother, and several years younger, order this system and use it daily. I can't believe the improvement, I won't be without this product ever!!!!"
"This brush set is great!! Where the heck are you going to find brushes with this quality for this fantastic price??!! I washed the entire set with NO shedding - not one of these brushes shed.... They are all very soft and the face brushes are very dense - the quality is awesome! I wouldn't mind having a ""back-up"" set to be honest; I was sceptical on ordering because of the few ""nay-sayers"" but come on .... this is an incredible bargain and I'm happy I've taken the chance and added this set to my collection.... Go for it - you'll be happy you did!!"
"I've tried so many shampoo's that claim to moisturize dry hair and scalp. Nothing works! They either leave your hair extra greasy or drier than it felt before. Not this stuff! It's like magic. Seriously, you have to try it!This shampoo is made from mud from the Dead Sea, Olive Oil, Grape Seed Oil, Vitamin E and Aloe Vera. Sounds great, right? Well, that's cuz it is! Not only does it relieve the itchy, dry scalp, it leaves my hair looking moisturized, and feeling fuller and soo soft! A must buy!"
"This is an excellent conditioner.  I live in a very dry climate and my hair becomes quite brittle because of it.  I have struggled to find a product that provides me with the silky, smooth, soft bounce I once had.  Fekkai Prx is that product!  After just a few uses, I could feel a real difference in my hair.  It has more bounce and that bounce lasts longer.  It really does seem to repair dry or damaged hair.  Long term results may vary, but so far so good!"
Great...didn't come broken or chalky! nice pigments worth the money. Great Blush colors exactly as pictured. works well with my medium brown skin!
Perfect barbie doll pink great for the spring and summer. A barbie girl like me will wear this all year long.
"This is package of relatively small face wipes, each with a 2% salicylic acid solution - an aspirin related product that treats acne by encouraging cell shedding, killing bacteria, and constricting pores.  Salicyclic also tends to dry out your face, so the product recommends starting with one wipe per day, then working your way upOverall, a stationary product likeClearasil Ultra Rapid Action Gel Washmight be more economical for many people, but if you want to get some treatment on the go - at work, at the gym, on the road - these would be a great product.  They worked well in our home tests, without producing excessive dryness.  Recommended."
"My hair dresser suggested buying this product and with some trepidation I forked over the money to the salon and got a small bottle of the oil. Those of you who have your hair done at product selling salons know that you often spend a lot of money for products that don't do what the hair stylist said they would do! The Moroccanoil is a product that actually works! My hair after about a week's worth of use was shinier and softer and more manageable. However, the downside of the product usage was my hair needed washing daily instead of every other day, however, this is a moot point since I tend to wash my hair daily anyhow (except on weekends). I've used other taming/shine products, but this is the best!"
"I've been buying my toners from the local drugstore for years. I haven't been able to find one that I was truly impressed with. I bought this about a week ago and I'm happy to say that I will be returning to buy more when the bottle is empty!What I like about this toner:The smell. It isn't overwhelming, it's a nice, faint whiff of rose.The softening effect. It leaves a clean, soft, and refreshing after effect.No Alcohol. No alcohol means no drying, or harsh products on my skin.Aloe Vera - helps soothe the skin.It doesn't do that great at removing my eyeliner but I can always use makeup remover pads for that."
"I used Blistex Medicated during the day, but was looking for a good night treatment.  Tried the little blue Blistex thing, at night, but mostly it was a topical analgesic not fixing/curing my chapped lips.  I love it.  When I am in front of the computer, not doing a lot of talking or drinking,  I put it on for a couple of hours, otherwise I put it on at night.  I recently started to wear Bobbi Brown Lip spf 12 and while that is not incredibly dehydrating, my lips are drying.  This is a perfect night time companion to my new day time habit.Update: 8/20/2013I have bought this three times consecutively.  It's my favorite treatment right before I go to bed.  Leave my lips feeling soft the next morning and super hydrated.  I have become addicted the the sensation of putting it on at night.  I still highly recommend it."
"I really love this formula.  I haven't tried all of the WENs, but I've tried most.  I have found that some make my hair blonder, or dryer than others, but they're all awesome in comparison to regular shampoo and condition.  Apparently 613 use to be the expensive one, but not many people were buying it because of the ridiculous price.  Now it's one of the cheaper ones, so I'm buying it up!  It smells heavenly.  Super clean, but with a twang of rosemary and vanilla.  It's excellent for men and women.  It's not loud and perfumey.  It makes my hair super soft and manageable.  It is worth the money, if you have it to spend.  My hair is to my elbows and I use 12 pumps, with a splash or two of water.  YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW The directions (besides the amount used), or it will make your hair limp and oily.  MAKE SURE TO ADD WATER!!!! You should have a little lather (but not suds).  Also, rinse very well at the roots, or you'll have the same problem.  If you're trying this for the first time, go for it... it may change the way your hair looks, for real."
"I have been hearing about BB creams for a few months now & did my research. The newer ones sold in the US aren't the real thing. A friend told me about Skin 79 and I chose this one according to my skin type & shade, though it only comes in one color. It goes on so smoothly, there is a grey cast at first but it blends in beautifully to match my own skin. It has a beautiful but not overwhelming scent. I use a translucent finishing powder after but you don't need to. I'm giving up my foundation, I can't say enough great things about this BB cream. This one is for more anti aging. I recommend the Hot Pink jar for younger or combo/oily skin. This is for all skin types, but it works great on my mildly dry skin. You also need very little to cover your face, use your fingers to apply, no brushes or sponges. I purchased from Pink Gelee & got great service!! Highly recommended :)"
"I find these are great for my size 10 foot.  They are a bit tough to get on but they don't come off untill you take them off.  I am beginning to get bunions and I noticed that my toes are not as flexible as they used to be.  After using these a few minutes each night I have noticed a big difference in that I have better alignment. They may be too thick for some people but I find that other toe spreaders just don't ""spread enough"".The first time you use them they will probably be uncomfortable.  After a few minutes I forget I have them on.  I agree with the reviewer who said the more uncomfortable they are the more you need them!Great product. Did not break down quickly like a foam product would."
"quality is perfect, so soft, smooth and easy to clean and dry ! only eye liner brush is too fat for nice and thin gel eye line. I'm using it for lips. Highly recommend to by this set."
"Got my five stars,  just has advertise, it dries fast and a very nice high shine.  Use it on my toes 4 weeks ago, and it is still very shining.  Will continue to purchase and I highly recommend this product."
"I admit, I was scared buying this product. I am fair. Like got-called-Casper-growing-up fair. I am happy to report that I can successfully use this product despite how dark it is. Granted, when I first put it on, it looks like I'm trying to do zombie makeup, but with blending, I can get a nice contoured appearance. The key to using this product (especially if you are fair) is to use a small amount! Apply judiciously! If you apply too much, no amount of blending is going to stop you from looking grungy. It is one of the few products I've seen for this purpose that has a matte finish, which is great for contouring."
Just love all the different sizes that it came with.. And I can use them for many different things. I might have to get one set just for my cake class.
"You can see from the photos how this hairdryer holder functions.  You can either put the dryer in blower-side or handle-side down.As for installation, if you have installed any bath room wall hardware (like a towel rack or toilet paper holder), then no surprises.  You screw the mount into the wall, then the fixture itself slides over the mount and is affixed by tightening a small hex-head screw on the bottom of the fixture.  The only surprise to me was even at full-tight, one can rotate the fixture with a little force.  Tis makes me worry that although I spent the effort to ensure the mount was attached straight, that the fixture itself can become  ""crooked"".  We shall see"
"This moisturizer is creamy, with a light scent, and goes on evenly.  It blends in well and doesn't leave a greasy residue.  A little goes a long way.  I love how this makes my skin feel.  I don't know if it is working on the fine lines and toning, but I'm not sure how long it takes for it to start making a difference.  I love that it has sunscreen in it!  I am always looking for a nice moisturizer with sunscreen, however, I'm not sure how well the sunscreen works, as we haven't seen sun in my town in months.  It doesn't make me break out, and it leaves my skin smooth and moisturized.  I would purchase this again."
"If you like the look of long, bold lashes, this is the product for you. It takes longer to apply than mascara with a regular wand, but it's well worth it. Actually, I sometimes start out with a coat of another mascara that has a ""natural"" finish so that I can quickly coat my pale blonde lashes with color. After that dries, I use the Telescopic Explosion and it works like a charm.Since my eyelashes are very blonde, it usually takes 2 coats of regular mascara to make them show up. Then 1-2 more coats to give them volume. I know that sounds like a lot of mascara, but it looks modest on my face given my coloring. With Telescopic Explosion mascara, I only need 2 coats total to get the job done. I do prefer to use one of my ""reject"" mascaras for the first coat so that I can use them up and also cover up the blonde. Then I finish with the Telescopic and it has nearly the same effect as using only the Telescopic from start to finish. It's just faster this way since using the little round brush takes longer to complete the whole process. However, if your lashes are dark, then you will probably need only 1 coat and you're done.My main requirements for a mascara are: cover blonde, holding curl, length and volume. A lot of mascaras cover blonde and hold curl, but they often don't give enough volume or length. However, this one does all four. I highly recommend it to anyone who usually wears waterproof mascara for these reasons."
This is been my favorite mascara for years.  PLEASE Loreal don't ever discontinue or mess with the formula.  It's always so frustrating when cosmetic companies discontinue good products!
"Great shine. As we age, hair loses some of it's shine. I've tried many products that left hair feeling oily.  This product leaves hair shiny and not bogged down"
not to conditioning but it does  get rid of the smell of the chlorine and took out the salt from the ocean.
"This product is not very expensive so I can't be too disappointed in it.  However, with that said it is just okay in my opinion.  The brush/wand is really rough and I have to use a soft sponge to smooth out the product because the wand will hurt you.  The color is not impressive but I think my eyeshadow does last longer when I prime my eyes with this product.  I won't buy it again but it was a not a bust.  I will use it til it 's gone."
"First off, I am second to no one in my love of Palmer's Cocoa Butter Formula.  That wonderful slightly chocolate scent sends me into orbit every time I apply the lotion to my hands.  The thickness and richness of the lotion, even the color -- I love everything about it.But the design of the 13.5-oz. pump dispenser bottle is the pits.  I've read a few reviews here on Amazon where people complain that they can't get lotion out of the darn bottle.  Folks, there is a SECRET to getting the lotion out and I'm going to share it with you, but I'd like to pause a moment to ask the folks at Palmer's why they haven't printed instructions for the pump dispenser ON THE FLIPPING BOTTLE.The secret to dispensing the incredibly rich, fragrant Palmer's Cocoa Butter Formula is that you have to rotate the pump in a clockwise manner every time you want to dispense some of the lotion.  This is an irritating design and it means that I have to pick up the flipping bottle every time I want to pump some into my hands, I can't just sit the bottle on my bedside table in one position to dispense the product.  There is a little circular arrow graphic at the top of the pump which I believe the folks at Palmer's believe are adequate ""instructions"" for how to use the pump dispenser, but the complaints here in the Amazon.com review section testify to its inadequacy.Bottom line:  lovely lotion but lousy bottle design.  Change it, Palmer's, please!"
"I wanted to try a mini set of bb cream first. I havent never used a bb cream before. Im glad I tried this mini set. It helped me to decide which bb cream would be the best for my skin. All of them are really good. I checked the reviews and decided to try this. I personally like all of them. The gold bb is thicker than the others. The pink has medium coverage. If you're wanting to try a bb cream, you should invest in this mini kit. Great price and fast shipping!"
"A true white color that is very nice, if you like white polish then you will enjoy this one. ."
so cute!
I purchased this soap to see if it would help with excessive oil/shine due to the hot/humid climate of Florida.  I have to say since I have been using this product I have really noticed a difference.  I use it once a day and follow up with a light moisturizer (it is a bit drying to the skin).  It is great for break outs my skin has been pretty clear and a lot less shiny since I started using it.
I am completely satisfied with the quality of the silk mask. I have been using it for about a month now and it is holding up quite well.
"These are decent for traveling and maintaining the shape of brushes. They run on the small size so they can be hard to get on larger handled brushes and brushes with large, dense hairs (ex. bronzing and powder brushes). They are a little loose on certain brushes, and I am scared that they will end up sliding down the handle and pull the hair back, but for the price and durability you cannot beat them!"
"This shampoo is a nice alternative to Head and Shoulders.  It has a nice scent and appeared to be effective as an antidandruff shampoo.  I love the 2 in 1s because it saves time, energy, and money."
I use the three step nioxin products and have found them very effective. This product by nioxin took it to the next level.  My hair has grown from the three step process but this product has given my hair noticeable fulness and my hair feels stronger and thicker. I LOVE this product and don't want to ever go without it!
This is the most adorable little panda ever !! I got it from the seller EMUNAH it is the best little gift wrapped item i have ever received !! I reccomend it highly if you want someting to carry on your purse and show it off !! xD Also the cream smells just like peaches! LOVED IT !!
"I love this mascara. It goes on smoothly, doesn't clump. Goes on thick as well. Nice deep black. I plan to use this for a good long time!"
This brush works on my really sensitive skin and really has helped minimize my breakouts. I tried the acne one and it was a little to rough and I felt like I broke out more with it. I will only buy these brushes from now on.
"Much easier to apply that I originally thought. Now that I know how, I threw my old twist-up pencil eyeliners away, and only use this. It is not completely run-free, but runs/bleeds less than the average pencil eyeliner. It also lasts forever...I've had this for almost a year and still have almost a full tub left."
"Awww, this is such a presh product! The heart shape just makes it that much better! This would make theee perfect gift, girls!"
"L'Oreal's Magic Nude Liquid Powder does everything it promises, and more! It really does feel as if you're wearing nothing at all. Dab this liquid foundation on your face, and smooth. That's all there is to it. It dries instantly to a powder that you can't feel and it's invisible to the eyes. The only proof you're wearing it at all is your now-even skin tone. It makes your face into a smooth, fresh, evenly-shaded palette for your blush, eye makeup and lipstick.My skin gets oily as the day goes on, but Magic Nude doesn't streak or spot and didn't cake in my cheek hollows or fine lines (I'm middle-aged). It didn't streak, melt away, cake or turn orangey when I was sweating outdoors. There is a perfect shade for all skin tones and racial types in this product line.I own several different brands of foundations because my skin tone changes with the seasons. Magic Nude is by far my favorite, and I will switch over to it completely when my winter and spring shades run out. I use many different lines of cosmetics, from the drugstore brand to department store, and I can't say enough good things about this foundation. I bought the Sand Beige, and can't wait to try the lighter ones for winter and darker for summer.Check your favorite fashion magazine and L'Oreal's website for coupons. I can usually find one for $1 to $3 off for L'Oreal face products.Five stars!"
it smells weird at first  but then it smells softer like vanilla.it hardens your hair if you dont brush it or rub it in but it does not flake
"Sometimes my skin is very oily and I use a Toner to help. However Simple Soothing Facial Toner can be used on oily, normal or dry sking without any adverse effects. Leaves skin smooth and soft. There are no alchols or perfumes so it does not dry skin out like a lot of tones do. This tones goes great with the other products in this line."
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my friend and it came on time, was in good condition, and ended up a great gift. The little bag that came with it, I think it was supposed to be to put the brushes in, wasn't very great though. When I tried to put the brushes in it they barely fit and the bristles would get tangled and bent as a result. I'm still giving this a 5 stars though because the brushes were great and that's the thing I'm rating right now."
"I was very surprised at how much I ended up liking this product.  I put it on at night, after my moisturizer in places that seem to be extra dry.  Because of my job, I am outside frequently, and I am beginning to get some chapped lips and dry skin and this really helps combat that.  I love the fact that it is more natural and doesn't contain petrol.  Great price too!!"
I am using my husbands account. I really like this makeup. I am 45 years old and so at my age I don;t need a thick coverage. This makeup has the right amount of coverage without being to cakey. When I first opened it I thought I had bought to light of a shade but after I put it on it was the right color. I am fair skinned. I would recommend this to someone who likes a great coverage without ot being to thick.
"I've used expensive base products from department stores, but none for me is as good as L'Oreal. Normally I'd get this at a drugstore, but my local drugstore is notorious for having old, expired products on their shelves. So I ordered from Amazon, and it arrived fresh and I'm very pleased."
These stamps are ao easy to use! They work really well too! I compelted a nail look within 20 minutes because these make it so easy and quick to use!!
My husband uses this -- it has a fine texture for scrubbing the skin. It smells wonderful and clean. He likes the other Every Man Jack products as well.
"This fragrance has so many facets.  Sometimes you can smell it and sometimes you can't!  I love it to the point of having several bottles as well as soap, lotion, solid perfume and have become a collector of sorts.Agreed at times there is no trace of scent.  Other times the fragrance blooms after several hours.I understand there are issues with E Goddess having no scent, being diluted with cooking oil, etc.Just go with the flow myself.I have ordered it from the manufacturer, and still its elusive scent prevails.Egyptian Musk in general is NOT as strong as it used to be sure.  The $36 one oz from Body Time is not as strong as it used to be nor is Attar Bazaar.Guess there is the profit margin issue...street vendors have been adding corn and canola oil to E Musk for awhile.EG from Auric Blends is still affordable and a good product."
"EXACTLY what I was looking for! Cost conscious and effective! I have naturally (mostly straight) hair, so this works well! Bravo!"
a lot of face creams and ingredients are all hype.this contains a proven ingredient and does not irritate .I have picked a good non-retinol moisturizer and made them my total nightly treatment.
"I have coveted this the last two times I have gone into Sephora, because I've heard it's AMAZING for split ends. I've also heard good things about it's skin care properties, but I have not used it for this purpose, so I can't speak to that. But the hair. To say my hair is soft is an understatement. If hair could be as soft as a babies butt, mine definitely would be when I use this stuff. I use about 4-5 drops, rub between my hands, and smooth first on the ends of my hair, and then I'll rub whatever's left from about ear-length to the ends again. My hair never tangles on the day I use this. Amazing, amazing stuff.(also seen on my blog - [...]"
"This is the BEST facial scrub I've ever tried! I love the concentrated, sandy texture. (I wish they made a version for body, too.) I started using this 5 years ago after seeing a video review by Michelle Phan. Following her advice, I used an electric toothbrush to apply the scrub to my face in small circles for a minute or two. (You can buy a kids' electric toothbrush at drugstores for $5 but it works great on its own too!)  It worked wonders on my oily, dull, acne-scarred complexion. I agree with another reviewer- you'll look like you just had a facial after using this! I use this at night, once a week, and then apply 2 squirts of Lumene Vitamin C Energy Cocktail to my face and the next morning my skin is GLOWING! My face is smooth, soft, my complexion looks so much more even and I just look healthier.  I love, love, LOVE this scrub! I definitely recommend this to anyone who has a dull complexion or skin that looks ""stressed out"". If your skin is sensitive, skip the toothbrush and the activator (step 2) and just use the scrub. I used to skip the a activator serum because it irritated my skin and broke me out but now my skin can tolerate it."
"I must say I was pleasantly surprised by this product. The brush and sponge heads are so soft I wasn't really expecting much,  and the polishing pearls are small and gentle, but it works great. After just one use my skin was softer and smoother. I already signed up for the auto delivery of the refills. It says not to use more than two days a week, but my skin was so bad I think I'm going to start with three days,  Mon, Wed and Fri. Well worth the money."
"It's no surprise that Eucalan is found in yarn shops, usually near the register. When you pay a premium for fine natural yarn and spend hours knitting it up, you certainly want to wash it gently in the finest product you can find.Eucalan is perfect for washable handknits. It's also great for washing all your delicate clothes: give them a soak, no need to rinse. It saves water and is SO gentle on fabrics. You can use it in the washing machine, which is why I buy this larger size. It's also a good alternative to traditional fabric softener for sheets and towels, leaving them subtly scented and with their absorbency intact.After years of using the original eucalyptus scent, I was delighted to find new products from this Toronto company: unscented, grapefruit, and this gentle lavender, my current favorite. The scents are not overwhelming and come from essential oils, no artificial fragrance.The eucalyptus and lavender have moth-inhibiting properties and that's a very good thing for woolens. Here's a bonus: these scents are flea-inhibiting as well. I've washed my dog in the eucalyptus and been very happy with the outcome; haven't had the heart to wash him in lavender yet, in case the other dogs think ... well, you know, he has an image to maintain out there.Recommended for all the delicate fabrics you treasure.Linda Bulger, 2008"
"this is a semi permanent hair color, but if you have used the Sally brand which smells terrible, then get ready to be impressed with how lush the pigment is and how much better it smelled. I left mine on for well over the recommended time (60-90 minutes under foil) the color came out vibrant and lasted for weeks. In combination with a high quality sulfate-free shampoo & conditioner, you can take good care of your color and reapply every 4-6 weeks, or sooner depending on how intense you want it. My hair is processed lighter, so this color was easy to see the reward."
"I bought this toner to try something new to get rid of my acne scars & prevent new bouts of pimples from recurring on my face. It worked wonderfully for fighting the pimples- I've been using it for over a month, and I have not had ONE new pimple since using it. However, I have not seen any significant difference in the scarring as far as the ""fading"" aspect of the product. Hopefully, my skin is just stubborn and I need to use it a little longer, but this is a bit disappointing. It's a great product otherwise.Also- It does sting if you have tiny cuts or open pores on your face. I've gotten used to the sting, but sometimes it is quite strong (ie, after getting my eyebrows waxed)."
Great product which blends perfectly with my skin and hair tones.  Leaves soft highlights that look natural and lasts all day.  Shipped quickly.
This set of shany brushes are very soft and the quality is very good.  These are affordable brushes that is good for your make up kit.  these will be great for those of you that are getting into make up and to want to spend alot on make up brushes.  I recommend these brushes.
"I order this in the color ""Madison Mauve"". And its a purple with a little glitter shine. Feels great on my lips and my item came extremely fast but... it wasn't sealed and it looked like it was pushed up on the case's top so it was kind of messed up but looking at it, it didn't looked used and it couldve been an honest mistake. I rate the product 5 stars but the seller ""webs best deals"" about 3.5 -4 stars."
"I bought a different color, admittedly---the medium brown---so I can't speak to this color. But I love this product.  It does smell a bit, so keep the bathroom ventilated, and YES use two bottles if you have longer hair.  However, the color lasts and looks shiny and beautiful.  It washes easily off the sink and anywhere else you happen to get it.  Finally, everyone compliments me on it and even my hairdresser thought it was professionally done."
There is no other hair spray on the market that leaves your hair as shiny and manageable while holding your style in place as Mink. Been using it for years and years.
"Excellent product for  gel home application. Stays on for two weeks and longer when applied correctly. little odor an, not like Acrylics"
"I got this hairdryer to replace my old revlon clunker which was taking forever to dry thick long hair and did not have much of a variety to its settings.This hairdryer is much bigger than my old one but, surprisingly is also quite a bit lighter. It certainly delivers on strength and heat - I managed to get a sleek blowdry done in less than 20 minutes! It did not end up frying my hair and I didn't end up with aching hands from waving it in the air for the whole time!The blurb on the info sheet states that the hairdryer has an ION function which produces negatively charged ions which prevent static and flyaway hair. You can turn this function off if you prefer.It further has a 'nano-diamond ceramic element"" (??) which is designed to produce a gentler warmth than conventional heating elements. That must be the reason for the non-fried look :)Whatever the technology may be the thing works great. I especialy like:1. The light weight2. The multiple settings - hot, warm, cool and high and low3. Removable air inlet grille. This is a cap with mesh that goes over the mesh covering the air inlet. I can see where this will be useful since, with hairspray and all the other gack that clogs up inlets on hair dryers, you can just pop off the external cap and give it a good cleaning.All in all, a good item that I hope to use for many years to come."
"I LOVE this product.  I got a sample of it at Sephora and didn't use it for some time.  I was a bit hesitant to put oil on my often oily skin; it seemed counter-intuitive.  It also seemed a bit expensive.  But, after reading reviews of the product online and reading about Argan oil's general skin benefits, I gave it a shot and was completely amazed.  I can't live without this product now!You only need a few drops--the product comes with a medicine-dropper applicator--to make your skin soft, smooth and radiant.  I put it on every night before I go to bed after washing my face.  When I wake up, my skin is more vibrant, looks smoother, and any redness or spots I might have had diminishes significantly.  And it doesn't really have a scent, either, which I like; I'm not a fan of perfumed skincare.I don't have acne prone skin anymore in my mid-twenties, but I am beginning to get some wrinkles. Somehow this oil seems to fill in those wrinkles around my eyes--I notice this when I apply my makeup in the morning after using the oil.  Amazing!  It's like magic!  I've been using this every night for two months and have only used up a third of the bottle, so I can see this lasting 6+ months if used daily.  Definitely give this product a try, and you won't be disappointed."
"It takes a while to educate yourself on just how to use this shampoo.  I have shoulder length, wavy, thin, dry hair.  The first time I used this I thought &#34;crap, that person who mentioned their hair feeling like straw was right&#34;.  I also found myself using pump after pump of conditioner.  I wasn't too impressed with the dried results, but I wasn't disappointed either.Two weeks later, and I am IN LOVE with this shampoo, this is the strongest that I've ever felt about my shampoo before.  I wash my hair about every other day.  I no longer have the straw hair effect from the shampoo, and I have learned how to smooth just 1-2 pumps of conditioner through my hair.Before my hair (with no-poo, regular poo, eco-friendly poo, what have you) was always dry and prone to splitting.  My hair would wave together in random clumps.  My waves are now curlier and bouncier, my hair is shiny, and my top layers don't stick out straight from the rest of my hair.  When I pinch a clump of the bottom inch of my hair together, I don't hear a crunchy noise, even though I haven't had my hair cut in a while!"
"This is a very good product. I actually don't use it often, may be once or twice a month. But the product does a very good job cleaning my skin when I use it.The price also is very reasonable compared to the price of other products out there."
"I have kind of thinner hair but have a ton of it !  I also twirl my hair with my fingers , bad habit!  I noticed as I got older, now 41 that my hair was breaking more when I brushed it !  So I thought to look on google for a better brush and this is now the only thing I will brush my hair with. Barely any hair needs to be cleaned out of  it after a full weeks worth of brushing!  Love that!"
"I soooo love this product!!  I have very thick hair and and it can be a little dry especially after a relaxer.  I started using this product a month ago and now I refuse to be without it.  As the bottle states, it moisturizes your hair without making it oily.  I put it on towel dried freshly washed hair before I roller set it and sit under the dryer.  I absolutely love the way this makes my hair feel."
"I love my tootsies and I try to keep them at the flip flop ready with routine maintenance.  I don&#8217;t get crazy calloused, but after walking around all summer in my bare feet or flip flops, I generally need a couple of good scrubs to get them looking and feeling smooth again.  The same goes after the long winter season - it usually takes a little more than routine maintenance to get me ready to go bare again!I have tried pretty much every cream, scrub, and foot file known to man with various degrees of success and failure over the years.  I have to say that this foot rock is now at the top of my success chart!  I have tried it on both wet and dry feet.  While it works on both, I find it works better after my feet have soaked whilst in the shower, first.And while I got this product, free of charge through the Amazon Vine Program, in exchange for an honest review, I purchased one this evening.  I liked it that much.Now while my feet are pretty well cared for, I tried this rock on my husband&#8217;s feet last night &#8211; those feet could stand a little more TLC on a more regular basis.  I was extremely surprised and pleased at how well it worked on his man feet!  It by no means took all the callous away in one sitting, but it made a nice start and left his feet very smooth!The only thing I have found to complain about is that it seems a little hard on my fingers when I am using it &#8211; especially m finger tips.  But that isn&#8217;t doing to stop me.  I am loving this little squishy rock!Cherise Everhard, April 2014"
"I bought this product because it was one of the less expensive retinol products available, but it's turned out to be my favorite so far.. I had read that retinol can help keep acne at bay, and I can attest to that. In addition to helping to keep the breakouts away, I definitely notice a smoother texture to my skin. And the results are pretty fast&#8212;within just a few days I can tell that the skin on my forehead is a lot smoother.IF you are using this for acne, you need to know that you will get what a lot of people refer to as the &#34;acne purge.&#34; Retinol has the properties of increasing cell turnover, which is good in the long run, but it will usually cause your breakouts to be worse in the beginning. But tough it out! Because after your initial breakouts go away, this stuff keeps your skin sooo nice. Not to mention being able to help stave off wrinkles.The cream itself is fairly thick, and moisturizing. I imagine it is due to the product containing glycerin. It is just a little bit harsh, so I recommend keeping it far away from your eyelid area."
It is ok. First one I ever bought. I wish it had more power. Nice that it is water proof.
"Katy Perry's Purr starts off with a peach nectar and apple scent, in a high end type of way. Not like a regular fruit body spray. It is rich and delicious, very sweet. The fragrance delivers lovely candyish vibes with some floral, vanilla and sandalwood notes as it settles. It lasts well on me and I love it for when i want something super sweet but Midnight Fantasy is a little too reminiscent of crazy downtown nights. It's a bit more mature than midnight fantasy though, the way the fragrance develops and smells. I love layered fragrances, I cannot stand the flat, one-note fits all scents. So this is purrfect. I have a large collection of fragrances and this may be my new super sweet fave."
"i have sensitive, very combo acne prone skin and this does wonders for me. i use it every night after cleansing and toning. this has seriously changed my skin (at least while i continue to use it). this is HG for me. it stings sometimes when i use it, don't let that deter you. you are going to love this! pleeease give it a try."
I love these brushes and buy them online when I can't find them in the store. These are perfect for applying shadow as a liner or even applying gel liner.
Gorgeous long lasting curls..but took me forever..im really going to have to figure out and get used to how to wrap my long hair around this thing.
"These were nice. When they arrived, one of the tips had fallen off, but no big deal. I simply glued it back on and voila! Good as new. That being said, one side (the &#34;bottom&#34;, as seen in the picture)had various tip sizes while the other side's tip sizes were all the same. That being said, the repeated size of the dotter is a fairly good size to repeat, not too large or small, and if one is lazy, then he or she can simply put off cleaning his or her tools. Overall, I am quite pleased. I am giving it four stars instead of five because the tip of one fell off, but as i said, its no big deal. The package arrived quite early, approximately two weeks. Additionally, I quite like the color of the tools themselves."
"..but I swear this dryer dries my hair quicker, and leaves it shinier, than other driers I've owned.  I'm generally not picky when it comes to driers, and basically purchased this one for its low price, so its good quality and magical hair powers have been a nice bonus."
My favorite foundation product. I spent $200 on a different brand from Ulta. Before I was even finished I went back to L'Oreal. It's smooth without looking caked on.
The shipping was super fast. Usually when I buy things that come in a kit I am worried they will be really flimsy and it will fall apart.. I'm very happy I took the chance and purchased this color/dye kit. All items are very durable and probably will last for a long time. I love that they include a wide tooth comb... Very impressed with this kit. Good deal.
This is a great flat iron for the price.Pros:*Long cord*Digital display*Wide range of heating temperatures*Iron plate is smooth/hair doesn't snag*Straightens well and quicklyCons:*Can't lock the plates together for safety*Flips over easily when you set it on the counterI've reviewed several flat irons from Amazon now and this is one of my favorites.  It's a good value and will do just as good a job as some of the more expensive irons.
"A great wig to have fun in. A few people even asked me where I got my epic dye job! Depending on how you style it, you can really pull off real hair. My only complaint is that the &#34;Shirley Temple&#34; curls (green part) are so ingrained in that even when I wash or try to break them up, they keep that &#34;too perfect to be real&#34; look. I guess being too perfect could be a good thing though XD"
"If you like the foaming soaps, this is a very good one.  Leaves hands feeling soft, but not at all sticky.  Does a good job of cleaning, and the scent is pleasant without being too noticeable."
"I used this way back in the day when AHAs were the new big thing. I didn't pick it back up until about 6 weeks ago, and boy I could kick myself for not giving this stuff a fighting chance years ago. It really helped with acne, as well as reversing the beginnings of fine crow's feet on my right eye, made spots fade... it's hard to believe this is my skin. One jar looks like about a 3 month supply, so one purchase will be enough for you to decide if it's for you or not. If you're acne prone and wary of putting a cream on your face, this is not greasy, but your skin will not really be dry, either. This is definitely worth a try for just about everyone."
"My favorite bath bomb thus far! The smell is incredible and light, and it leaves my skin super soft.  All HN bath bombs are good, but this one is the best."
"I've been using Mary Kay mineral powder foundation because it's the first foundation I ever used that looked natural on me & wasn't absorbed by my skin. I loved it except that my face didn't have a dewy look to it, so I'd rub a little moisturizer into my fingertips & dab it onto my face.My Mary Kay consultant wanted me to try TimeWise Luminous-wear liquid foundation. I thought I would hate it but was surprised that it looks great on me; my face looks very fresh & dewy (not greasy or shimmery)...I suppose you could say luminous; also this foundation doesn't make me look like a clown, and isn't absorbed into my skin.I apply the Luminous-Wear Liquid Foundation with this brushMary Kay Liquid Foundation / Makeup Brush. By putting a little foundation on the back of my hand & using the brush to spread it onto my face, it almost looks like my foundation is sprayed on.I would say that this is a medium coverage foundation; you can apply more layers for more coverage (it's buildable); it doesn't cake & it doesn't highlight my wrinkles. The luminous foundation is for normal to dry skin. Mary Kay also has TimeWise matte foundation for oily skin.I'm glad my Mary Kay consultant persuaded me to try this product. It's a 5 star foundation for me."
"I've used BabyBliss hair dryers for yrs, never have been disappointed, they're a great product.They're not cheap but they do last years."
I love the silky feeling of the cream and a little definitely goes a long way I have noticed less &#34;cottage cheese&#34; looking legs
"The first night I applied this, I noticed a big difference.  I thought maybe I was just thinking I saw a reduction in wrinkles, but my forehead was noticeably smooth.  So, I continued to apply it.  I began to notice a significant reduction in fine lines.  The deeper lines were reduced, but you can still see them.I started using this on my neck, and I noticed that it firmed up.  Not dramatically, but noticeably.  It really reduced the wrinkles.I then looked at my upper chest.  I am a woman, and I have some lines there that lead down towards my mid chest.  So, I started putting this on that area.  It took a couple weeks, but I noticed a major reduction in the crease lines that are on my chest.  This, I thought was awesome!Make sure you don't put it on heavily.  If you do, it will leave a sticky feeling.  You need to put it on lightly.  I use a little more at night, because I'm going to bed and won't notice the sticky feeling.  When I wear it during the day, I apply it first, then my moisturizer, then my makeup.  This doesn't interfere with any of my other products.  It also doesn't have a heavy smell.  It has a light perfume smell that dissipates within about 2 minutes after you apply it.I love this stuff!  I hope it lives up to its claims of reducing wrinkles from forming.  I'm going to keep using it.  You get a lot in a bottle, and it lasts awhile.  I bought this over a month ago, and it still feels like I have quite a bit left.  I haven't had any problems with the bottle, so perhaps they have fixed the issue that others have had with it failing.  Give this a try if you are looking for something that works!"
"I get the brown and it always gives me the perfect soft, natural liner.  Unlike powders, it gives the definition to make the eyelashes stand out.  The liquid blends well with the eyelashes, but dries really fast.  It never flakes unlike other liquids.  The brush is exceptional; thin for a good line but large enough to control and leave a mark.  You do not need another brush."
This is another product I can not live without.  I have so many compliments when I us it.  Great Great Product.
"I was using a long-wearing eyebrow pencil, and although it stayed on all day, it was too dark and crayon-ish. I saw this, and although the price is on the high end, I bought it. I'm glad I spent the money--it's the best eyebrow pencil I've ever used. I have dark brown eyebrows, and this fills in tiny holes and allows me to reshape my brows to exactly how I want them while looking totally natural. The design is great--a retractable pencil with a tiny tip that allows for precision; no sharpening required. The makeup is a bit hard at first, and needs to warm up on the skin to glide on properly. I rest it on my fingertip  to get it going...and then I have perfect eyebrows."
They took my beloved Nivea spray moisturizer off the market here in the US so I was excited when a great brand like Vaseline came out w/ this! I went out & got all 3 options. I love the wheat the best. The aloe is great too. And the cocoa butter is my sons favorite. Its an extra bonus I can purchase it on Amazon
I think for the prices you can't beat what you get.  I gave these 4 stars because I felt quality wise it was lacking a bit. One roll could easily be used up in one manicure depending on the design.  They are very thin  If you hold them sideways the light passes right through; so you have to be careful when handling.  Other than that they preformed well and you can't beat the price.
I like it better than regular shampoo but its not the miracle people claim.I have bleach blonde hair which is thick and very frizzy. I must admit if i use it as a leave in also it works much better but if i use it as just a shampoo and let my hair air dry its just as frizzy as if i had used any shampoo.I think one of the steps should also include using as a leave in and many more people who didnt like it would! I just ordered another bottle i want to try the lavender to see if that might work better than the fig as just a shampoo. Item shipped very fast!!!
"Well, as a grown man, I don't know if my opinion would help other shoppers.  So, I put my Mother to work:)I gave her this product and she was really skeptical that a nice moisturizer could also be a tanning agent that would actually look legit.My Mother and I are both fair skinned--either we end up burned or sun poisoned, so, a really good sun blocker is important to us.  I gave her the L'Oreal product to use on a day when my nieces were in a Fourth of July Parade (my nieces were in it).Anyhow, my Mom came home looking really great--tan but skin was a bit pinkish and well moisturized...she looked vibrant.Her tan lasted for a few days and then it 'naturally' wore off.  When she saw that, she then started to reapply the product every other day just to get a healthy tan.I used this product and, to tell the truth, I really couldn't tell the difference.  However, my friends could see a difference.All in All, if you are looking for a modest change in skin tone, I would recommend 'Perfect Day Cream'But, if your like me, I want really high-powered cream.  Look up:  'Banana Boats Summer Color' (Best Buy is here on Amazon).  With that in mind, those instructions are incorrect.  For this product or my recommendation, I suggest applying 2X throughout the night and sleeping with the cream on you while you are on your worst sheets/pillow cases.Only wash the dirty laundry in cold water with detergent.  In order to keep your tan longer, moisturize daily.  Also, you should always exfoliate while showering and damp yourself dry.  THEN, apply the tanning cream.I wish all of you the best.To Yours'.RL MilesIf you have found this review helpful,Please click the 'Yes' buttom below."
"This is like hair spray for your you brows, hold them in placed all day long, I usually put to coats, and it work perfect."
"I have a full size Clarisonic but wanted to try the smaller sized Mia for travel.  It works wonderfully.  It has all the features of the larger sized one but has only one speed.  As far as I'm concerned, only one speed is necessary.The Clarisonic skin care system is great.  It is an exfoliator, a massager, and a cleanser.  It leaves your face feeling great and there's a glow to it after you use the Clarisonic.  I love this product and recommend it for anyone who wants to improve their skin quality or keep it as beautiful as it is."
"Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Tried it out myself (made an oops, but underneath where it doesn't show) and I *LOVE* it, too! It gave me awesome layers."
"When I am going to buy brushes from Shany, this is the type that I will buy.  This is because the brushes are long lasting, and will continue to have good use for years after being bought because the bag will ensure that the brushes will stay good for a long time.  I do feel that these brushes are a must buy."
"I like volume and it's fun to test all methods and products that add volume. Spray products are fast and while nothing works better than fingers to spread quality formulations, convenience has value.The way to work in hair is to use a wide tooth comb and a blow dryer and backcomb. That is, comb the hair back toward the scalp repeatedly. I like the fragrance but that part is not as important because the scent will dissipate and not be noticed."
"great brush; i always return to this one after trying some other trendy new brush. small and easy to work, old standby with optimum results."
Good solid product for my husband. Since he has yet to use it a follow up review with come after this.  Thus far very happy with the delivery service and quality of the brush.
"I love this nail drill, I got it to do my own pedicures, it works just like a professional nail drill, I am not sure if it is good for Acrylics but it has a lot of power and I received it really fast, I ordered it on a Monday and it was delivered on Wednesday."
"I have &#34;it's 10&#34; Shampoo, Conditioner and leave in. They are working great together, now my hair is shinny and straighter."
"I have used other Simple facial products and have to state that Simple Smoothing Facial Scrub ranks as my favorite.  This exfoliant is gentle and does a good job of ridding my skin of dead skin cells and brightening my complexion.  It is so mild though that it does not irritate my sensitive skin. Other exfoliants I have tried were too harsh and I am not fond of the exfoliating brushes, this product does not have harsh chemicals and leaves my skin feeling soft."
This is absolutely perfect!! It colors nicely and is easy to mix with very little mess. It lasts for a long while and I would recommend it to anyone looking to give their eyebrows some color... Perfect!!!!
"This is a delightful product for smoothing and 'de-tangling' curly hair. I was pleased that it is a combination 'leave-in' conditioner and styling product, and it left my curls very well formed. The inclusion of shea butter is a plus, and it had a pleasing effect on the texture and flow."
"I know it is a cult favorite and Marilyn Monroe used it.  I have a light, cool complexion and it is really good for me.  On online dating sites men will comment on my red lipstick--yes, ladies, it is true--men like red lipstick!"
I use this as a prepeel exfoliator. It works great. I add a little water and use circular motions until I cover my whole face. Then I add cleanser and wash my face like normal. If you don't add cleanser it is very hard to get the crystals off your face with just water.
this powder gives great coverage and does not settle in the fine lines. i ordered a darker color  used it as a bronzer and loved it.  seems to lasts almost all day and would recommend to anyone
"This one has good spf but doesnt feel like a sunscreen at all. It is a light weight moisturizer that could work for all skin types, except for people with really dry skin. Its perfect for summer but maybe not so much for winter for some people. The price is higher than sunscreens with 30 spf but then this is 2 products in 1. So, its a fair deal value wise. It doesn't whiten skin like a sunscreen does. It doesnt feel sticky from sweat. If I hadnt known I wouldnt have guessed that it is a sunscreen. I would definitely buy again."
"Well Rested has been a delightful surprise for me. It does a perfect job of concealing the blue tones in my severe dark circles. I like that the coverage is great but it doesn't look heavy. I was actually using Kat Von D's tattoo concealer for my dark circles. The weird thing is the coverage wasn't all that good but it looked really heavy. Well Rested can be used as a concealer or shadow base. I use it with primer and setting spray to prevent cracks and creases. I like to wear it alone on no makeup days for the pick me up it gives my face while still looking natural. I love, Love, LOVE Well Rested."
"These have been my mainstay for years and you can't go wrong.  It is a quick 5 minute therapy that really works.  My routine; each morning and night (if you are using for the first time - get 30 pads and use every 3 days, then 2 days, then 1 day - then get your 60 day pads for am/pm.  You will look younger, pores smaller, lines are smaller.  Use behind your ears, don't forget your neck (back of the neck too ladies) and let it do its job. I did purchase the EVIS Red which I just received to help as well.  I will let you know in a review by month.JanSimpson"
"When buying a conditioner, I have only a few requirements - it must condition my hair fairly well and it should smell good.  Suave Macadamia Oil and White Orchid did both for my hair.  The conditioner worked on par with my usual conditioner, and left my hair feeling soft and manageable.  When using it, I was initially overwhelmed by the scent of this conditioner - it will be strong when first applied.  However, once rinsed out and dried, it left my hair smelling slightly sweet and pleasant to feel.  This was the first hair product I've used in a while where my husband asked me if I used something else because my hair &#34;smells good&#34;.  Overall, this is a good conditioner to add into your hair care rotation.  It's fairly priced, works well, and again, the scent is great."
It only takes a little bit to do the trick.  My skin feels soft and smooth after using this with the Chaacoca Moroccan Exfoliating Mitt (B004VSN3ME
"I have used may different brow liners, some of them costing quite a bit more than this one, but Avon makes the best!  It glides on smoothly, doesn't smudge off, and the color is perfect on me (it is more of a light taupe than a &#34;blonde&#34;).  It looks very natural and stays on all day.  Conveniently, it doesn't require sharpening - you just roll up the pencil when you want more.  I hope Avon does not discontinue this!"
"This is a heavenly, clean smell that I will continue to use forever -  and it's true, a little touch of it is all you need and it lasts all day!"
"Biore cleansing strips are a great way to remove dirt and oil from the surface of your nose that can cause blackheads. Just peel, moisten, apply to nose... wait a bit, then remove. Post examination of grime removed is oddly satisfying. The only drawback is the price."
"I use these all the time. Great to take off your make-up really quick and they're good for at least 2 uses, depending on how much mak-up you wear."
"I Like this bag.  Good Size, can hold a lot. Has a Handle, easy to carry.  Can't wait to use for my trip.  Seems well made, can wipe it off, which is good to keep it clean."
"awesome set, everything you need (except the UV lamp) to do your own shellac nails.  Great value.  The remover wraps are way easier than trying to use cotton & foil - and they stay moist so there is less evaporation and less wasted acetone.  The mini bottles will last for a good while and also will be great to refill to keep everything in one spot.  I also ordered some other colors but these are a great start."
"I am 25 years old with fairly good skin (not much acne growing up).  I do battle with dryness during the winter and I get pretty pink on the cheeks when weather changes.  I had exposure to this product when my friend says she swears by it.  I never thought I needed to do anything to my face except wash it and moisturize the face when it gets flaky and dry.  Little did I understand that skincare needs to start NOW if you want to have less worries when you're older.  I see my grandma scrambling to try anything from ginseng cream and skin whitening serums since she's never cared for her face since she was young (working in the rice fields).  After hearing such amazing things about it, I got a sample from Nordstrom in the mall.  I started putting it on at night after I brushed my teeth.  The serum was cool and liquidy and with the little amount I put on my face, I felt refreshed.  In the morning, I washed it off and my face was sooo smooth and felt clean.  I might add that this is something to use in addition to your moisturizer, which I didn't do but it still was sufficient for me (I guess I am lazy).  I did a lot of debating and concluded it was worth it to try since it's such a popular product.  It makes me feel good at night, after I wake up, and also it has not really much of a scent which is good for sensitive people.  My friend who used to have a lot of acne said this product help clear her pimples up and trust me, her face is clear now!  As for me, I no longer have that constant dry, flaky skin.  Previously, I always thought my skin was pretty clear but after using this product, I feel like my skin is healthier and the little splotches of redness have even gone away.  There's also a concentrated version of this product, but since I am young and have very little problems, this is perfect for me."
Really effective at getting your face clean. Doesn't leave any residue and doesn't dry the skin out. I will keep these on hand.
This styler works good. If I had longer hair it would probably work great. It still works good on my shorter length hair but it is not as easy when my sister who has long hair. She likes it and kept it and hasn't had any problems except for the fact that it takes her longer to blowdry and style her hair with this product rather than a brush and blow drier.
"I'm in love with this eyelashes I got two pairs already and I'm gonna keep buying them I'm in loveeeeeeee , I'm this type of girl that doesn't like fake things but this eyelashes are my favorite for the price I can't ask for more ;) people think they're my own. I wear them everyday I loveeeeeeee them every penny is worth it ;)"
"This lotion smells wonderful. Also, it made my skin feel smooth and the scent wasn't to overpowering. I love lavender and also vanilla scents. This is a great combination of the two."
"I LOVE THIS SET. the green takes a few coats to show up but i love it more than the purple glow in the dark from tattoo ta-boo. the formula is just like any normal opi, unlike the purple thats gooey and gritty. the shatter doesnt work as nicely as the sinful colors one but its ok."
"It is a bummer that the batteries don't last as long as one would hope. I will say that if you buy cheap batteries they will not go as far. I used up the batteries it came with in two days, however, I have put duracel in it and so far I am on day 5 and going strong.It has already made a significant difference in my skin in the first week. I am hooked! I want to keep my skin nice and am not afraid to spend a little extra on some batteries! :)"
"Bought this for my mom, she loves it."
"The gym.Sensitive, breakout-prone skin.Cosmetics.The veritable holy trinity of problematic complexions. I got this item in hopes that I could keep it in my gym bag (in a Ziploc!) to &#34;wash&#34; my face after the gym, but when I couldn't get straight home for a shower. For that purpose, it's excellent. Full stop. It gets cosmetics, grime, sweat, dirt, etc., off of my face. The texture of the cleansing cloth is adequate to feel clean, but doesn't exfoliate or scrub the surface of my skin. I usually use one, sometimes two, after a workout.The dispenser closes tightly and I've not had any issue with them drying out. The packaging also hasn't leaked at all.However, it's not a substitute for regular Cetaphil + water cleansing. Even though I feel clean (and it's absolutely better than nothing), it still feels like there's a fine film or cleansing residue. They're the &#34;B&#34; student of facial cleansing -- good enough for government work, but not superlative. They do leave eye makeup (mascara and liner, particularly) behind, which hasn't bothered me, but they're an awesome stopgap between getting down and dirty and getting squeaky clean in the shower."
I love this product! I only use it once a week and mix it with my CeraVe Foaming face wash. Exfoliating too much can damage your skin and make it worse. I find once a week is perfect. I get dry skin on my forehead that makes my makeup look crappy. But using this once a week makes it so I never have that issue. I have a feeling this product is going to last a very long time.
"These are non-sticky tinted balms. Sheer coverage that adds a small tint to your natural color. Demure is non-shimmery and nice for a nude lip. Daring is a subtle wine shade with a small amount of shimmer, though I don't really notice any shimmer when it is on. No taste, but they do smell a tad like sunscreen. They have cured my chapped lips in the past. Moisturizing. As other reviewers have mentioned, they don't melt. Would repurchase. Demure is my holy grail everyday shade."
"I love this eye cream and will reorder. First of all, I'm a contact wearer and tend to have sensitive skin. This product doesn't irritate my skin or eyes in any way. It doesn't have any kind of odor or perfume that I've noticed.I'd describe the texture as a creamy gel. It's lightweight and absorbs like a gel; however, it's just a bit more creamy and it moisturizes very nicely. The skin around my eyes stays hydrated for hours. I can't say it's a miracle worker, but I don't expect miracles from topical products. I'm 40 and have some sun damage. I have pretty realistic expectations.All in all, I would recommend this product and I will be reordering it myself."
"My daughter asked for this, so I assume she has experience with it.  She tells me it works great, hence the 5 stars."
"I am 41 years of age, and have used a variety of products on the market (mostly popular brand names) over the past six or seven years. I had never noticed a difference until I began using this eye cream.  I've been using this cream for a little over a year now, and the (very slight) wrinkles around my eyes have been fading and smoothing out.  Mind you, I am the biggest skeptic out there. But I actually do notice a difference!Pros - odorless- very creamy (leaves my eyes very moisturized)- one container lasts at least 6 months (maybe more) -- a little goes a long way- does not irritate my eyes at all!Cons - NONE!"
"Simple Brand from the UK, has been around for 50 years, yet is relatively new to the United States. There are no dyes, perfumes, and all the products are perfect for sensitive skin. I've used the facial wash, exfoliating wipes, and scrub and all have left my face feeling clean and fresh with a healthy glow and no breakout side effects.Simple's Soothing Facial Toner is outstanding, and is absolutely a perfect prep before moisturizing and applying makeup. Makeup glides on seamlessly because the toner shrinks pores without drying, making applying foundation, and eye color a breeze. At the end of the day, Simple's toner removes the last traces of dirt and makeup with a simple cottonball. Excellent product that's sure to grow in popularity here in the States."
"I just opened these and I'm already in love with them. They may not be bundle monster brand per say, but that doesn't bother me at all considering what I received. Firstly, all the wheels were sealed in such a way that most of the pieces stayed inside of each individual space, with minimal mixing. I received 9 wheels, and then a packet of 12 different colored microbeads, each in their own little mini bottles. The amount appears to be more than it would be if they were in a wheel, and this obviously prevents the colors from mixing.The other wheels included:1 wheel of pearl rhinestones, various sizes1 wheel of different colored beads1 wheel of different colored flowers1 wheel of different colored hearts1 wheel of different colored bows1 wheel of neon stars and hearts1 wheel of metallic rhinestones, various sizes, and1 wheel of smaller, different colored Rhinestones.I didn't get any stars or moons like in the pictures, but I already have stars so I'm not so disappointed by that. I'm so excited with the bows and the hearts. I think that, depending on the sender, it will vary in what you receive, but i am so happy with this, i would definitely recommend this seller!"
"I like the smell, sweet and fresh and light. I've tried other brands and this one is a great value. Lots of product in there. It does leave a white cast on my black hair that I have to brush out a little more than with the suave brand. It works very well to get oil out but compared to suave it dulls the shine more. I'd stick with suave if it didn't smell so bad and dissappear out of the can so quickly. I probably won't buy this one again though."
"the one i picked looks slightly darker,  than in the photo but not too dark to use.  i took away a star for that. otherwise shipped well on bubble wrap package. and was on time"
"The plates bend when you curl your hair. I love this feature. This iron gets real hot so you can straighten your hair in half the time. I haven't had mine long, but for 30 bucks, it works better than the pricer ones I have purchased. I don't know if it lasts long, but I will be happy even if it only lasts a year since I wouldn't mind purchasing one to replace this one for 30 bucks. I have curly frizy hair, length reaching my lower back and also very thick and can straighten my hair in about ten minutes... Awesome!"
Had a white one for years and decided to upgrade to the pink.  Keeps hair in place and away from your face.
When I first used it I saw a small effect the first try and more each day I used it.  Combined with the LipFusion lip gloss you will have soft pouty lips at any age :o)
"I first used a non-Fake Bake exfoliator, and the results were good.  However, I used this the second time around and was much more pleased.  My body felt a lot cleaner, and I think it's a great prep exfoliator for the Fake Bake.  I think the aloe vera is the key ingredient in this. It also smells amazing!  I think it's a great value as well - what I bought before this was about the same price and I personally felt that it was less effective.  I would definitely recommend this if you're about to use Fake Bake."
"I'll be honest, my face needs a good scrub at least once a week, maybe even twice.  When the Clinique specialist tried to sell me on the 7 Day Scrub, suitable for daily use, my first thought was that it wouldn't get the job done.  My second thought was that if it could get the job done, it might cause my sometimes sensitive skin to react in a very negative way.  Lucky for me, I received a sample and I am now addicted to this scrub.I have combination skin--at least this is what the experts tell me.  I tend toward oily.  My face needs a good scrub once or twice a week.7 Day Scrub is a thick white cream with small scrubbing beads and it comes in a green tube with a flip cap--perfect for the shower shelf.  It has a light, pleasant fragrance.  I keep it in my shower for an easy to grab morning scrub.  As with all scrubs, keep it away from your eyes and don't use it if your skin has a breakout.  Clinique suggests that you can tissue the scrub off, but it seems like this will leave a layer of the cream on your face.  I rinse.  It does rinse of easily.This definitely takes care of the roughness.  My skin feels much smoother with daily use of Clinique's 7 Day Scrub.  I haven't noticed the disappearance of any fine lines, but maybe my lines aren't as fine as they need to be.More aggressive scrubs have a tendency to collect in my eyebrows and I find myself rinsing and scrubbing to get all of the little beads out.  Clinique's 7 Day Scrub rinses away easily and I don't get those little brow beads.If you like a good scrub, I'd definitely recommend that you give Clinique's 7 Day Scrub a try.  It's a great addition to my daily routine."
"I love this lotion, it goes on smooth and creamy and my skin just absolutely drinks it up.  Added bonus is it smells pretty good. It's definitely not a froo froo scent, just a nice clean scent that won't interfere with your perfume or body spray."
"These colors are so pretty, you have so many different looks you can create with this kit.....they blend so well...."
"This is my 3rd curling iron and by far it's the best, especially since it was 20.00 less than the last iron I purchased.What I love about it...* Heats up VERY quickly.  You basically plug it in and its ready in less than 30 seconds.* 20 heat settings.  This is important as the first time I had it on too high and when turning it down, it immediately dials down to that temp.* Comes with a stand which neither of my irons did.* Auto shut off.  It is pretty much standard now, but one of my irons does not have this feature.* Lastly, it seems to make my hair shinier, perhaps it is the titanium.The only negative I had was that I turned it off accidentally a few times.For the price this is an excellent curling iron, and the color is cool too.  Highly recommend."
"I got this hair lightener on kind of a whim at Walgreens and I didn't use it for a few months until one night I sprayed it on the ends of my showered hair and blew it dry. Didn't notice MUCH of a difference, as my hair is already lightened at the ends. But the next night I used it as well, and I could definitely tell. I have dark, almost black, brown hair and my ends are light/med brown. I wanted to lighten them up but didn't want to put them through bleach again (which just made my hair orange anyhow) and Sun In has been great for that. It doesn't make my hair orange or unnatural looking in any way - just a lighter honey brown. It also makes my hair shiny and smell great; I don't think it smells very lemony but still a nice scent. Would definitely recommend."
"I have tried a number of different Suave Professionals conditioners, and I think they all function well. They contain a good blend of silicones, some to stay on your hair after your hair dries and some to evaporate after helping distribute the other ingredients evenly. This one has a particularly light scent, which is definitely better than a strong but unpleasant scent. The consistency is creamy enough to feel rich on your hair but thin enough you don't have to use vast gobs of it to completely coat. I use a lot of conditioner and I think this is a great, budget conscious choice."
"I really like this product.  I use it every night on my scars.  I had knee surgery and it is really helping the scars heal nicely.  Most areas the scar is now a thin white line.  I also use it on my hands.  My hands get very dry from washing dishes, etc.  The butter is very smooth and it has a nice light smell.  I can't wait to see my hands this winter."
I have had several flat irons. This one exceeds them all!!  It heats up quickly. You can adjust the temperature depending on your hair type & needs. There is an auto shut off if you forget to turn it off.My hair seems softer and healthier. I find that it takes less time to get my hair looking better then before.
This is a nice color and it also applies very nicely. I think it would be a good color for the summer.
"This mask is very moisturizing, there is plenty of product in each treatment to use all over the neck and chest as well.  I keep the mask in its' envelope and re-use as the mask is very saturated with the moisturizing ingredients.  rub the extract into your skin and skin is soft and silky, I especially appreciate how soft it leaves my neck and chest area.  very good value!"
"I use Aubrey White Camellia Ultra-Smoothing Conditioner to deep condition my super dense, kinky coily, Afro-textured hair. It's a thick pearlescent cream that smells pleasantly herbal/floral.The second ingredient is aloe vera juice -- which has a smoothing and softening effect in my hair.To deep condition, I apply coconut oil to my freshly washed hair followed conditioner on top (This boosts my hair's moisture levels AND saves product). Then, I cover my hair with a plastic cap and deep condition for 20-30 minutes on low-heat under my hooded dryer.Aubrey White Camellia Ultra-Smoothing Conditioner disappears into my hair when I use I under the hooded dryer -- I take this to mean it's deeply penetrating my hair. In general, it's very smoothing, softening and moisturizing.Ingredients: Aqua, aloe barbadensis (aloe) leaf juice*, myristyl alcohol, camellia japonica seed oil*, triticum vulgare (wheat) germ oil, alcohol denat. (38b, lavender*), pelargonium graveolens (geranium) flower oil*, glycerin, rosmarinus officinalis (rosemary) leaf oil*, citrus grandis (grapefruit) extract, salvia officinalis (sage) oil*, tocopheryl acetate, foeniculum vulgare (fennel) fruit extract, humulus lupulus (hops) extract, melissa officinalis (balm mint) leaf extract, chamomilla recutita (matricaria) extract, glycine soja (soybean) oil, daucus carota sativa (carrot) root extract, beta-carotene, hamamelis virginiana (witch hazel) water, ascorbic acid*Organic"
"Got this as a gift from a friend, and I love it alot comes with everything I need and it's just a wonderful investment for anyone. Pigmention is awesome and you literally have EVERYTHIING!"
I needed a neck cream as I am 52 and neck is looking bad. With bleach cream has got alot better in time
"I order this Palette and it arrival is good condition, NOO eyeshadows was damage, like the las Order, so ask them to wrap it good and there will be NOO problems. love it."
"I first bought this product from my manicurist, just to be polite. She insisted. My nails would chip and she politely insisted that I try this product. OK, OK, I tried them all from the drugstores and was skeptical about this one too. I'd use it as clear nail polish, or so I thought. The effects of this stuff blew me away -- it really, really, really, really works. Really. I noticed my nails looked a lot better -- I was shocked. I usually don't wear polish, and the looks of wearing this alone looked great -- it sort of ""wears off"" or gets absorbed, so you never have to remove it -- just reapply. I'm active, athletic, and this stuff is awesome."
absolutely love these! they even have the sticky back! only reason I give it a 4 and not a 5 is when u put the tape down its very hard to find where to pull it up from to do it again.
This product is wonderful.. 11 r gone and my puffy eyes.. My husbandoves it as well.. I am pleased with my purchase
"I like glitter type nailpolish, it is subdued, yet beautiful.the pale pink is a beautiful shade.not much more to say about it."
"I had high hopes, after all it has exotic ingredients. In the Winter my hands dry out and the skin cracks open around the knuckles (sometimes bleeding). The best remedy is to daily apply Oil of Olay or Vaseline (but that leaves a greasy residue). I've used Vaseline Intensive- its not as effective but isn't greasy.Ainhova is thin with a strong but pleasing masculine scent (like after shave or cologne). It drys in seconds without a residue. I've been applying it at bedtime. The first 3 days I thought I saw slight improvements in the white lines on my hands. The 4th day they were almost gone and my thumb (which at the end was like course sandpaper) was much more like normal. But the improvement stalled at that point. By the end of a week my hands were definitely better but not healed.I noticed that between 16-18 hours after application, my hands were back to their dried out condition. At the end of using the product for a week I can only conclude that it provides temporary softening and better appearance for the first 12-16 hours. Then it must be re-applied. Ainhova is not a gradual improvement like the Oil of Olay or Vaseline. Its worthy of 3.5 stars."
"Loves it, my hair looks silky and nice after using it. It also smells delicious! I dye my hair very often and now after using this product it looks healthier and shiny."
"I have used it twice and both times was on wet hair.The thing really does steam so you need to make sure the vents are facing away from your body (like it says in the instructions)Heat up time is quick, the light blinks while it is working and stays lit when it is ready.  There are two color lights; amber for dry hair and green for wet hair, so you know which setting is ok to use on what hair.it fits great in my hand and is comfortable to use. I would have to judge against a wider plate but the thin plate works well.I LOVE that I don't have to take the time to dry my hair, then straighten it.  I never get my hair completely dry, though, so I don't think my hair looks straightened once it is dry (that's probably my fault, though, not the product's)I'm not sure if there is anything I'd change about the product bc I just have enough experience with straighteners to know what to say.Overall I really like that I have a straightener and want to continue experimenting with it.The plates apparently have a nutrient added to them that helps condition hair and prevents styling damage but I have yet to see/feel any effects (especially since my hair doesn't have much/any styling damage from the past)"
Medium orange color.  Good saturation.  Stays on pretty well.  Feels nice on the lips.  Very good quality for the price.
"I couldn't wait to try new Olay Regenerist...and I am always worried about fine lines around the corners of my eyes, and under my eyes, so I was thrilled to see if this was going to be just the thing for me.  Love the roller applicator~~it's simple, no way to contaminate while applying, and you click it for the right amount of moisturizer.  1 click you get a little, 2 clicks a little bit more and so on.  I was thrilled with how easy it was to put on, and you can actually feel it moisturizing as soon as it hits your skin.  I used it for 16 days....and was actually quite pleased with the way my eyes looked.  The lines were not as noticeable, my eyes weren't as dark underneath, and the skin felt smooth and supple.  I was thrilled with it!! BUT...I have combination and very sensitive skin.  After about 3 days I noticed that my face was breaking out on my cheeks and nose.  I get very few break outs, and when I do it's usually one blemish at a time. Suddenly I had several, and as I continued to use the Olay Anti Aging Eye Roller, my face broke out more and more.  So I thought I'd stop using it for a few days and see if it was the culprit.  Sure enough, within a few days to a week my face cleared up.  Not sure WHY I broke out on other parts of my face, when I only applied it around my eyes, but I certainly did.Which is too bad, because this is a great product.  If you're skin it not sensitive, or you have really dry skin that's not prone to break outs, I'd say snatch this stuff up, as you'll be thrilled with the appearance of your eyes within a week.  If you ARE prone to break outs, or have very sensitive skin, this is probably NOT your best bet."
"I love this stuff - no irritation to my dry, sensitive skin at all.  Like all Eminence products, less is better so it lasts a long time.  Definitely will buy this again."
Very few of the new colognes make you smell like a man should they smell really sweet and kinda like a female don't get me wrong I love sweet smelling colognes but at the same time I wanna smell like a str8 up sexy man at times with no doubt on what I have on and thats when I reach  for this and a few other but this one is a timeless cologne the ladys love it the mint and honey are just beautifully mixed 1 of my top 20 in all the colognes I have I reach for this way be for I even think cool water
"These cases are a good value - lots of room, cosmetically sleek and able to keep all of your makeup together in one place."
"This pretty baby blue flat iron is not just lovely but performs beautifully.It instantly smooths frizz and unruly hair and adds a beautiful sheen. It contains micro-conditioners that keep it smooth and glossy for fifteen hours, which is a very long time for frizz prone hair.On the side of the unit are the ""lock"" and ""unlock"" symbols. Also on the side are the controls for raising and lowering heat temperature.The LED display is a beautiful, brilliant blue,  which is very clear and visible to read.This is an excellent flat iron and I highly recommend it to those who need longer lasting protection from frizz."
"But not great either. It has actually grown on me since I first got this perfume. I decided from the get go that I would wear it consistently and give it a fair chance, so after about 2 weeks or so of wear now I am finding that I do like the scent much better than I did at first. I'm not sure why, but I find that some days the scent has disappeared after a couple hours and then other days I notice it more often all day long and even into the evening. I haven't gotten on comment on it at all, not good or bad so I'm assuming it doesn't stand out too much either way. For the amount and the price, I'd say overall it was a good purchase. However, I'm not sure I'd buy this one again."
"After reading through many reviews I decided to order this product from overseas instead of going to a local Pharmacy or Walmart or Target to get Garnier or Maybelline brands. Well, I am thrilled that I did. Not only was the price great, but it is larger than US brands. It is light and creamy and the coverage is fantastic!! I love this product and will always order from this company again and again. While I am applying it, I warm it between my finger tips with both hands then apply to my face and neck area. It goes on smoothly and after a few moments it blends and matches my skin color perfectly. I am between Fair and Med. skin tone (Irish/Italian). I use to use Almay's tinted moisturizer for Fair-Med. I like this one so much better. Even shipping was faster than expected (about 2 1/2 wks) and they even sent me other samples to try. A huge A++ to this company. You have a consumer for life!!"
"I use this product just on the ends of my hair to protect from split ends.  It works, I have no split ends and people always comment on how healthy my LONG hair looks.  Just use VERY little, because it is an oil and could flatten your hair if too much gets on your brush."
"Honestly, this is not a fast acting immediate working product.It takes a while to show results, but it does work.My body looks much better after using this product for sometime now."
I am quite the adventurer of great fragrances and scents. I give this a high five for quality and wonderfullness. Enjoy it and buy it. You won't regret it.
"The cheetah pattern is my second set of Sally Hansen Salon Effects.  The twin value pack is a great deal on Amazon.  Though my nails are somewhat long, I was able to do both hands with one set, leaving me enough for a future application.  These are surprisingly easy to apply.  Just follow the directions and make sure you buff lightly and clean your nails thoroughly with nail polish remover before attaching the strips.  My nail beds are small so the strips were a bit large, but I was able to remove excess from the sides with the pointed tip of the orange stick that's included.  Make sure you use the blunt end to smooth the strip to avoid wrinkles and bubbles. I finish with two coats of top coat to add shine and protection.  My last set lasted about 10 days and I got tired of them before they were badly chipped.  The adhesive is a bit difficult to remove.  Best to use remover with acetone.  Nails are left in great condition!"
"Its a good shampoo that leaves hair in a soft condition, except for the fact that the shampoo is kind a think and the bottle sucks. The cap is a kind a hard to work on.It would be great if the nob works better."
"There's about a few days every month where I feel a bit drained, and I feel weak, emotionally, physically ~ you name it and I feel it.  I reach for this and it's like a surge of electricity, like this potion is charging my engine. I automatically feel so much better about myself, and my attitude changes. I love this for boosting my ego, because it makes me feel like I can do anything and will take no prisoners! It smells divine and makes me feel like a bad ass."
"This bowl has been a perfect gift for my husband.  I bought it along with the soap and he absolutely loves it.  It's beautiful, stays clean, and keeps the soap really nice.  For all of you who love nice shaving items I would definitely recommend this."
"OLAY REGENEREST WRINKLE REVOLUTION is a pretty decent moisturizer that works like a primer, which is used to create a smooth palette and decrease facial oil so that foundation or powder goes on evenly and stays on.The WRINKLE REVOLUTION goes on creamy and has the consistency slightly thicker than that of a serum. Once applying it to your face, your skin instantly feels velvety soft and smooth.I don't have deep wrinkles, just a few fine lines on my forehead, and the cream seemed to smooth those just fine. It also has a mattifying affect without feeling dry.I've used it for about 4-5 weeks, about every two-three nights, only applying after showering from my workout, not to sleep in though, and my skin does appear to be smoother and glowing (although that could be from the BB CREAMMISSHA M Perfect Cover BB Cream No.23 Natural Beige SPF42 PA+++ (50ml)that I've been using during the day). Although I do occasionally breakout, I wouldn't consider my skin to be overly sensitive and this cream didn't break me out.I deducted one-star because there isn't a sunscreen in it so you'll still need to use one in the day time. Also, it seemed that the 1.7 Oz went really fast (maybe mine wasn't all the way full) but I'm on empty after the 4-5 weeks of use that wasn't nightly."
"This product was okay for me. I use it to keep my hair from getting dry when I wear it curly from a roller set or straw set, but it the oils in it tend to build up if you use it every day. I use it in conjunction with the Shea Moisture Smoothie, which leaves my hair very moisturized so I'm probably just overdoing it. On the plus side, it has a decent amount of hold (less than I would expect from a hairspray, but it keeps my style intact for the day) and it is moisturizing."
"A great choice! Very smooth, gentle and doesn't dry my skin. I've purchased other products from this company before, specifically their pet-safe floor cleaning concentrates, which I adore. I got Lavender, Apple and Fragrance Free - all superb - with apple my favorite."
"I bought this to put in my purse and it is pretty nice. It's a little big, but considering all the pieces that are in it, that's not surprising. Quite honestly I don't know what all the pieces are, but the ones I do use are good quality and work as they are supposed to."
Than at Walgreens or Publix.  Currently $8 on Amazon and over $10 at both other locations I checked.This is a really good spot treatment.  I don't use it all over my face as it is drying for my skin.  I'm 43 and I don't need to dry out my skin...old age is doing that for me.  But for the occasional spot...zap!  This works really well.
I love all the Gelish polishes and this one is no different. I have had a slight problem with it separating which hasn't happened with any of my other colors but it's easily remedied by shaking the bottle.
"This was a superb eyeliner. Goes on easy, simple to take off, and is just awesome in general. I don't swim or anything(it's winter right now). But I'm sure that it would come off in the water as it is not waterproof. So, just watch out for that if you're a swimmer or a triathalonner. Otherwise, you're golden."
Love the smell. It is a light weight moisturizer.
"Great quality , but I ended up maybe using 15 out of the 120 colors . Some of the colors are so bright , they might come in handy for Halloween !  I probably could have ordered less colors but more usable ones !"
"I've always loved the Cetaphil brand and looked forward to using these cleansing cloths.  When I first used the cleansing cloths, they made my skin feel fresh and clean.  I have very sensitive skin and they didn't irritate my skin, which was reassuring.  The lack of a fragrance is great!  They come in convenient packaging which makes them great for traveling or on the go.  They seem relatively expensive, however, for the amount of cloths that you receive."
"I've tried this one and the CVS one, both are identical so if you want to save money go to cvs and get their brand.  It was a good purchase though and does come with a cleanser."
"I love what I got! It took about  two weeks to get here, I was estimated into may so I'm happy I got it sooner. I got a good selection, just a little sad I didn't get gold. The containers alone are worth what I paid, (a little over four dollars), and are a score because I know I can reuse them for my acrylics. It also comes with a great amount in each foil container. Each foil was just about as wide as my queen size bed. (I was opening my mail in bed). Really love what I got!"
"I received a free sample of this and the shampoo and finally used it today. (3/2/14) I didn't think much of it. I didn't expect much of it. After all, it is just another conditioner Is it perfect? No. Does it feel nice and smell good? Yes. I softens my hair but doesn't weigh it down. I also like the fact that it is sulfate and silicone free. The price isn't too bad either. It is 100% Vegan with natural botanicals and oils, so one can't go wrong. I used it with the shampoo (see separate review) which was also a good product. I'm happy. I have fine, straight hair and find it hard to locate natural and/or organic shampoos and conditioners I like that don't weight my hair down. For me, this is one I will keep in mind when making shampoo purchases.Overall, for me, I like it and the shampoo, as well. I have no problem purchasing it or recommending it to others."
Sigma Precision Round - P82 is very good. The Sigma brushes are very soft and cute. Loved it! is my favorite.I recommend to everyone.
"works good on my hair. i first tryed it while at my aunts house and was impressed, so i went and bought myself a bottle. it makes my hair feel fresh and soft, and i love the tingling feeling when its on. i also nodiced my hair seems to grow faster while using this. i have fragile damaged hair thats colored and this makes it feel soo much better."
"Every time I mow the lawn, I get green stains on my feet, particularly the heels and toes.  I wash them off afterward, but inevitably a green caste remains over the next week.I've tried the big puffy shower things, which is really the only way to get good lather with modern liquid shower soaps and gels.  They work, and produce a lot of lather.  But, they are also hard to hold when they are soapy, are a bit scratchy, and not firm enough to really help with the green feet.  Unlike some other reviewers here, I never had a problem with how they look, though they do have a distinctly feminine air about them, even if you don't go for the pink.I was detailing my car this morning, and thought about the detailer shower tool from Axe.  I guess the clever Mad Men down in marketing got me, because I picked one up in the afternoon while I was out.  It actually does look very much like a car detailing tool, with the black and red color scheme and the ""tire"" ring around the outside edge.  It is stylized enough so that it doesn't look like something that should be decorating a mechanic's garage.  I have to admit, it does look considerably better hanging in the shower than the purple shower poof it replaced.Thankfully, it is smaller than it appears in the pictures, so it is easy to hold and maneuver.  I guess because of the tire outer edge, I was worried it would be too big.The rubber outer edge is soft, and feels like the polyurethane that inflatable pool floats are made from more than the hard rubber of a car tire.  This makes it easier to hold, but compressible so that a good lather can be worked up from the black colored shower poof inside (it is in there, hiding behind the red scrubby pad).  So already I like this better than the traditional poof, because it feels better in my hand, is easier to hold, and looks better.  But, what really threw it over the top for me is the red scrubby pad on the front.At first I thought I would have to add soap to the red pad to use it, but the lather from the poof behind it squeezes right through it, so if you've been using the rest of the tool, the scrubby is all soaped up and ready to go.  It is perfect for getting dirt, oils, and, yes, green grass stains off of the soles of feet, toes, elbows, palms, and other tougher areas of the skin (it does tickle a bit!).  It is too rough for any other delicate regions, but the puff behind it is fine for those (that one is the same as a standard puff, and is a little bit scratchy like those are, but nothing too rough).So, overall I really like this ""detailing tool for bodies.""  It is easier to hold than a standard puff, looks better hanging in the shower, and has a great scrubby pad built in.  A great replacement for the standard combo of shower poof and loofah, and takes up less space. Plus, lately my wife has been asking me why my feet aren't green, which I'd say is a plus.Recommended!Sean P. Logue, 2008"
"These eye makeup brushes are really soft and each brush's bamboo handle is labeled: shade, highlight, blend, smudge, and crease. The pouch these come in is a really nice convenience and perfect for organizing and travel. The brushes are quite fluffy, almost too fluffy for very fine/precise application. However, these are good quality, especially for the price point, and with proper care, should last a long time. Overall, I really like these, but do wish that this set included one very fine, somewhat stiffer brush for finer, more precision application. With that in mind, I recommend this set for general, everyday (especially the natural look) eye makeup, and EcoTools is a brand I'd be happy to buy again."
"when I had heavily highlighted hair, this used to do wonders. Now that it is ombre with natural color 2/3rds down, it suddently does nothing to my natural hair! No shine, no smoothness, no nothing. I used to do the 20 minute treatment once a week, did one today after a very long break and nada, nothing, zero. Maybe I need a new bottle.  That being said, this is the only ""over the counter"" glaze that will not lighten your hair. Avoid Clairol brand glaze, not even sure if they still make it or not, but I've done it once and it lightened my hair."
"This product is just right for my light but blotchy, easily irritated, skin. I can not wear sunscreens, but can wear this product, and it does have sun protection in it. It is really awesome to find a product that doesn't break me out. I live in a hot climate, and it is great for summer, helping my face to stay dry (very absorbent). This color is perfect for light skin (especially mine, with blotchy red undertones). It covers the red in my face well, but doesn't leave a highly unnatural look.I like the applicator and haven't needed to switch to another brush. I like that it puts out just the right amount with one shake (it shakes through the little holes in the top). I also like that the brush can be held in the same container, and not have to be left out in the open where my husband is likely to splash it from his side of the sink."
"good quality, nice product, will definatley purchase again, just as described online, bought them for a friend and am going to buy a set for myself now."
I absolutely love this eyelash curler. It works great and leaves my lashes looking so full and curled to perfection. I absolutely love how it makes my lashes look-especially when I throw on some falsies and mascara. It is the perfect eyelash curler!
I've been interested in learning how Phytoceramides can benefit my skin so I thought I would give PhytoRenew's formulation a try. It's been gentle on my stomach so far and I haven't noticed any side effects. I've already noticed a considerable change in my skin- it's absolutely glowing. I'm also glad that this supplement contains natural ingredients that I can feel confident ingesting. Thanks for the great product.
"Good quality, the pigments are great.  Shimmers plus some matte colors, all are beautiful and last for hours without touch ups.."
"EDIT: 12/31/13 ***REVIEWERS*** I have learned from other users of this product that Auric Blends has changed the Egyptian Goddess scent in the last six months or so. It seems my review is not of the original scent and according to them, the original scent is far superior than the new watered down and altered scent which is what I have reviewed. PLEASE TAKE CAUTION that the older reviews of this scent are reviews of the scent you can no longer attain and the more recent reviews, like mine, are reviews of this different version of Egyptian Goddess. It's a shame but let this knowledge aid you in your decision about this. Please pay attention to only the more recent reviews of this scented oil. Thank you.***Okay so I just received this roll on oil perfume and the moment I opened it, I sniffed the bottle. I could barely smell anything so here I am confused and wondering if the less positive reviews were true and this perfume really had little to no scent! Not only that, but the scent wasn't sweet although I don't think I really knew what to expect.Still I decided to give it a chance; I rolled some on my arm. 10 minutes later, I notice I can smell it a bit. I brought my arm up and sniffed- aahhhh! There it is, the scent was much stronger! The perfume needs a bit of heat to strengthen up and emanate properly so definitely don't judge it by sniffing the bottle.As for the scent, a lot of reviews are very general about the actual scent so you might not know what to expect of the scent. I'm definitely growing to like the scent, myself. I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't what I was used to but it's definitely not an offensive smell.The smell is not sweet. There is a slight musk to it and the smell really does change according to your body chemistry. Sometimes it smells like incense to me, or an earthy and warm scent, sometimes it smells like a fresh river, and other times it smells like a sensual massage oil with a bit of spice to it. It's really difficult to describe now that I'm trying, haha!BUT I can definitely say the scent is correctly named. When I smell this perfume, I imagine being in a lavish Egyptian temple as a queen with a papyrus-laden river flowing nearby. It smells ""queenly,"" it smells exotic and regal. No old lady nonsense, but a scent gives off an aura of mystery, sensuality, and power. It's lightly scented so it's nothing that will make you sneeze.If you'd like to sweeten it a little bit, a drop of Pure Instinct blends with it quite nicely, I must say! It still retains its aura but with a non-clashing hint of sweetness.I'm used to more sweet and floral scents so this is quite the change for me, but I am certainly adapting quickly. I only applied the oil to my arm near my wrist and it's been 5 hours and I can still smell it in a pleasant and non-overpowering way.It's a keeper!"
love this!!!  didnt come dried up or open.. it does what it days it does and i simply love it!! i use in once every 3 weeks and spot control...
"I got this mainly to keep me dry since I have recurring yeast infections. Ever since I took antibiotics for UTI's, I've been getting yeast infections by the month. Yeast survives in the heat and moist environments so using the powder helps a lot by keeping it dry. You will feel it instantly and it will be very comfortable. It also keeps the odor in check which is a bonus. I also wear dresses and skirts to keep me even more dry but I can't ALWAYS do that, and when I don't the yeast comes back. So this is a great alternative to the dresses/skirts."
"My elderly aunt turned me on to DHC products and she swears by this primer. It goes on smooth and blurs fine lines and large pores and makes my foundation go on really smoothly. My skin really does feel velvet smooth and sometimes I can get away with wearing just this primer with a little bit of bronzer or blush. I don't have a lot of experience with other primers so I can't say for sure if this is the holy grail of primers, but it works really well and a little bit goes a long way. Very happy with it!"
"I have used this Aussie product for years. I have dry hair that tends to get frizzy, especially in the humid weather of the South. This product keeps your hair soft and smooth. I love the smell of all the Aussie products and buying this through Amazon's subscribe and save program, you get this at a great savings. I would recommend this product to anyone!!"
"I don't want to have to spend forever on my brows. The unusual angle of the pencil is perfect for quickly filling and shaping brows. I purchased #3 Gray-black which I was scared may be too dark, but it's actually perfect. It pretty much blends seamlessly into my brows. For reference, I have black hair. A pure black pencil would have made me look severe and a lighter brown tends to look too reddish on my face."
"What a great flat iron! i mean its professional grade.. it gets hot super fast and works great.  love the heat glove and pretty pink pouch it comes with.  you can adjust the temp and straightens my hair in a flash, i have to run it through just once and its perfect!  cant beat it for the price, there is no way you can get this quality at this price anywere else def recommend!"
"This is a great color, I normally HATE glitter/shimmer with a passion, but I like using this over Mint Candy Apple (Essie) for a Winter feel. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good glitter polish-the brush makes application very easy, and it's long lasting."
"As I've said in other reviews I love SODIAL!  Good price for the amount of gems you get and the quality is consistent.  The rectangle case is a bit difficult to get into, but I opted to try it as the circular ones have a habit of mixing the colours when you spin the top around to get to what colour you want.  3000 may seem like a lot, but I go through them fast.  I will be ordering more soon!"
I got this in the mail today(dec 31)-much sooner than the estimated delivery date of January 2nd- 7th.I immediately put it on my nails even though I had 3 other nail polishes delivered along with this one. I have been super excited about this nail polish since I saw the first swatches of it.  The color is a light GREY with LOTS of glitter in it. Seems like a lot of people are under the impression that it is a pink base. It isn't. I put 2 coats on and got loads of glitter. And it looks great. This will be my New Years Mani. Fantastic nail polish. Beyond pleased with this order. : )
"This is good for removing acrylic nails instantly (by soaking them in it), and for removing stubborn nail polish that doesn't want to come off. It is better than regular strength polish remover that you get a a drug store. A little goes a long way, and it is a good, high quality nail polish remover."
LOVE OPI.  and all their products.  This one leaves shine on top and is a great base coat too. Will buy again for sure!
"After searching for a lot of products and reading reviews. I decided to give mustela double action a try. It is not sticky, smelly or greasy. It does not stick to cloths. Use it 2 times a day. I have been using it since April. My stretch marks are almost gone. I ran out so I am ordering one more. It really really helped me I loved it."
"This lotion is wonderful. It isn't overwhelming with a nasty odor! Even after tanning. A nice thick lotion too, and a lot cheaper than at the salon! Would use again!!!"
"We don't flat iron daily and it doesn't have an adjustable temperature but we like it. It does the job, heats up fast, and stays a consistent temperature. We have had it 6+ months and it is fine. However, we don't use it daily or even weekly so I cannot attest to daily use longevity."
"Sea Foam from Gelish is a cool, pretty blue-green. When dry, it is very close to a Tiffany blue, which is whupping I only gave it four stars. While it is very pretty, it's a littler less green and more blue than I was expecting. That being said, it really is pretty, and if you are looking for a Tiffany-tea., this is perfect for you!,"
I use this mostly on my body but have also used it on my face.  So far the best texture which is not so dry it is hard to get onto your skin but absorbs quite quickly so you are not left so sticky.  Unscented smell is still slightly sunblock-chemical but not as strong as others I have tried and prefer it to be as unscented as possible to not clash with cologne.
I loved this product!  I received a sample to try and am so glad I did!  I used it during our family vacation to Florida and it really helped protect my skin from the sun.  I used regular sunscreen on the rest of my body and used this on my face.  The only part of my body that wasn't burnt red with sunburn was my face thanks to Vitamin C Serum!  I've also noticed my face and skin feel softer and smoother and look more refreshed.  This product is wonderful and Ill definitely continue to use it and would recommend it to anyone!
"Look the nail forms, can't beat the price for 500 nail forms, came in 3 days and I'm very happy with the product."
Love this stuff! Really sprays on nice and hair holds really well. Not sticky and a little goes a long way.
Works as said.  Bought to replace one we had used in our trailer.  This was about the same so had no trouble
"LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE NAIL PLATES!! I WOULD MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THESE PLATES!! ONE THEY ARE AFFORDABLE, TWO THEY WORK JUST AS GOOD AS KONAD, AND THREE YOU HAVE SOOO MANY DESIGNS TO CHOOSE FROM!!! I HAD A BALL PLAYING WITH THESE!! AND IM NOT DISAPPOINTED!! THEY WORK GREAT WITH REGULAR STORE BOUGHT NAIL POLISH!! GOOD JOB SHANY:)"
Ah I love this stuff!! I use it with it's a 10 miracle conditioner. My hair is so healthy! When I straighten my hair it's healthy and doesn't frizz! Light weight too. I normally never put lots of product in may hair.. but I kind of go overboard with this stuff because it works really well!
"For the price of these I wasn't really expecting much.  Thankfully, this was one of the times when I was surprised.  For the price (worth much more) you won't do better.  Really!"
THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT. IT CAME IN QUICKLY. THE BRUSHES ARE VERY SOFT AND ARE GREAT TO DO MY MAKE UP. NOT EXPENSIVE AT ALL. THIS IS WORTH EVERY DIME.
"I've ordered from Plantlife several times. And ALWAYS they send you a free sample of something, they're super fast and everything is wonderful."
"I thought these towels worked great for drying my hair.  They helped to speed up my drying time.  The black color is great for me as I have ruined so many towels with hair dye stains.  The only thing I find to be a pain about this particular microfiber is that when you wash and dry them with other cotton items or towels, dry hairs become embedded in the towels.  They can only be washed with other microfiber items. Supposedly this is the case with all microfiber, but it does not happen to me with my microfiber Turbie Twists.  I think I will stick with using the Turbie Twists on a regular basis and only use these during the times that I color my hair.  I do not have the energy to frequently wash them separately."
"I received the Be Delicious perfume on time. Thank you. I usually get the 1.7 oz perfume. This one is too big to carry in my purse, but it is one of my favorite scents. Thanks again!"
"sometimes the handle loosens in the shower but it's not a problem. I like the brush, it works well whentaking off dirt and debris from working in the garden. Good value!"
"This sunscreen does exactly what it promises.Is very light and absorbs immediately, completely non-greasy.Skin is left feeling smooth but dry.Very pleasant to wear, doesn't cause sweating or oily feel on skin.Excellent moisturizer, while protecting skin from sunburn.Been using this while gardening in sunny Texas heat and I'm very impressed with this product.Good value and can be used by men or women as there is no perfume smell."
"A friend of mine said she uses this product to smoothen the lines around her lips and eyes. she said she puts this on her wrinkles at night and most go away by morning.so, i started using it just to keep my face wrinkle-less, the amazing thing is that the milia under my eyes (hereditary, i used to go to the dermatologist to get rid of them, dermatologist would burn them which was really painful and expensive, around $400 every 8 months or so) anyway, i noticed any milia i had are going away... it's a miracle.i started reading up on this product, i've read reviews where a woman used it on her acne and her acne started going away. another used it on her eczema and that started going away too.it's got hydroxy acid and vitamin e and it's been around since 1930, started by Elizabeth Arden herself. anyway, i'm getting another tube :)"
"I have been using this Argan Oil on my hands/fingers as well as on a scar on my face. I love the way it feels. My hands and fingers get beat up with my weekly volunteer work and the oil is a wonderful restorative. After a week the scar around my eye( bird claw inflicted) is much softer, a big improvement. I'm very happy with this product!"
"I have tried many Cleansing Conditioners over the past few months, and I love the Pantene line.  I use the damage repair and the cleansing conditioner for color-treated hair.  This has a nice smell, and really cleans hair.  I use this one or the color protect product every other day, and I use a regular shampoo/conditioner on the days I don't use this product.  My oily hair comes out clean, shiny, and soft when I use this product, not greasy like some other cleansing conditioners. I would definitely recommend this product!"
"I love the fact that i came like 3 weeks before it was programmed to arrive :)the nails they are so many and from many sizes, i cant wait to start using them :)"
"I had been looking for a reasonably priced SPF 30 zinc oxide based sunscreen for quite a while. They are very difficult to find in stores- most zinc oxide based sunscreens in the local drug store are only SPF 15. This sunscreen is super light, effective, and doesn't cause any trouble for my sensitive and acne-prone skin. It does definitely have a bit of a 'sunscreen smell,' but that doesn't bother me at all. I will definitely reorder."
"I have very thin, flat hair.. i use this as directed, and OMG, not only does it smell DELICIOUS, it really adds volume and texture to my hair....much better than products that ive purchased from France, and expensive other ones.... im gonna stick to this product for a looonnggg time... !!!"
Fun color. Tons of glitter. If you want subtle glitter...this is NOT the color for you. But I love glitter. Removal was no harder than any glitter polish. Pure acetone works best. 3-4 coats for best coverage. It comes out sheer. But that was no big deal. No chipping for 10 days! And looked great til then. Definitely a good buy. Will get more of this brand colors.
"I don't have any serious skin problems, but my water has terribly high rust from old pipes and so my skin has become sensitive and started flushing.This lotion is perfect for me. It evens out my skin tone and gives everything a nice matte, porcelain finish. My husband pointed out that it look a teeny bit green at first, but my usual powder evens the tone out just fine. I would definitely recommend this product!"
One of my favorite features of this product is that it carries 3 forms of vitamin C in it. Before making this purchase I was not aware that there were multiple forms of vitamin C and now I feel like this is a wealth of information alone because it will help me to make wiser buying decisions on skin care products. With that being said some benefits I enjoy with this product are the skin hydration that it provides and also the soft and smoothness it leaves on the skin after application. Very satisfied with this purchase!
I just used this tonight on my hair.  I just put some highlights in my hair and wanted something to take away any brassiness.  This does the trick.  It foams nicely.  It does feel slightly stripping when I washed it out. I'd recommend following up with a really good conditioner or hair mask.
I use this daily and it is a must have with my hair type.  It workes great.  I will buy more when it comes time to buy again.
Feels good and is nice and creamy and sinks in well but there are other products that include collagen and other healthy and good stuff for skin and feel great and are creamy and sink in well also.  Would rather have the other products that offer much more good stuff including the collagen.  But still a good product and doesn't smell nasty either.
"Im a caucasian female with naturally curly thick hair-which is always dry, overprocessed, and fried from straightening.  This product when used once or two times a week makes your hair feel so hydrated, soft, and manageable.  The price is excellent for such an instant result product."
"I previously owned the salon express stamper and plates and was not impressed. Most of the images wouldn't transfer. I thought I would try Bundle Monster out for better results. I am in love. There are so many designs to choose from and all the ones I have tried so far transfer perfectly. Of course it all depends on what polish you use to stamp with. Always go with a thick, opaque one. I plan on ordering more in the future."
This product clears your skin like none other this is a must have product for me you don't have to even use it everyday to keep skin clear it does lighten any dark marks
will buy again my Shadow does stay on and i get a lot of complements i like it great tried it great stuff wonderful stuff
My daughter loved the different color nail art stripe striping tape.
"I'm fair skinned and definitely not the most skilled person out there at applying tanners. I love that this one came with the mitt and gloves. I do recommend using a light hand when applying (otherwise you'll destroy the mitt and have it's lint all over your body). I also wash the mitt with baby soap after each use. With this you're supposed to apply it and leave it for 5(ish) hours then rinse off (in the mean time be prepared for a STRONG sunless tanner smell and a weird brown color). Aferw rinsing, you're left with a golden tan. I have dry skin and no matter how much or how little I exfoliate, this seems to apply and wear a little patchily. Even after trimming the &#34;straw&#34; it leaks down around the nozzle and gets everywhere. I feel like if you enjoy liquid tanners, you will enjoy this but there are easier ways to fake tan (I think I prefer lotion-based ones)."
"I use this for a variety of things on my face. Under my eyes it minimizes dark circles and tightens the baggy-ness. I put it on my neck and the fine lines that are starting there seem to disappear. I also put it on age spots and it makes them blend better, especially right before applying make-up. This serum has become a permanent part of my daily routine. Not sure how I ever did without it."
"I have freakishly pale skin and I wanted a blush, so after a bit of deliberation, I bought this and the blush in Mellow Mauve. This color is great for warm and pale skin and could probably be worn by anybody.The powder gets everywhere, however, so be aware that it will be stuck in the crevices of the dish and mirror. The powder is easy to apply, so there's no need to load up a brush with it!"
"My old one died, not totally, but it just wasn't performing (after 14 years!!!) because I dropped it and broke the plastic handle.  It still was working, and though I &#34;fixed it&#34; with duck tape, (yes, I know usually a man's fix, but it worked) but after months of using it that way, I just thought &#34;Why don't I see if I can get a new one?&#34;  Amazon had it, and with Amazon Prime, it was in my hands in the NEXY day!  Local company, so unless you are in So. California, don't expect it that fast!  Great seller, they must have stuck it in the mail the day I ordered.Amazon Prime ROCKS!!!"
These are suchhhhh good brushes for an amazing price. I'm truly stunned. Will be purchasing more real Techniques brushes in the future. They're also really lovely on your bathroom counter with the stand they come with!
Now this is an ARTIST'S case. It's creative yet professional which is exactly what artist should be looking for. It has room for everything and is easily organized and only TWELVE pounds. Can I say perfect?
"This product is seriously my favorite it works great! Worth the price! Best of all, it smells so good! I will definately buy this again! Highly recommend it"
"Love this, been using it for years on my NW25 skin. Gives the perfect glow, never breaks me out. LOVE"
"I'm a little obsessed with the Opi Holland collection, and this shade is no exception! It's got the perfect amount of sparkle, and the color is a gorgeous stormy blue/gray color.I always apply two coats when I wear this one, but the extra time is well worth it. It also is a frequent base of Polka.com (a purple/blue sparkly mix), but I love it by itself, too.Highly recommended!"
"This is a great product, and there's a lot of it in this bottle.  It definitely takes care of the damagaed skin, and happy to have found it."
"L'Oreal's Go 360 products are so awesome. Your skin feels so smooth and clean (w/o getting dried out) after using the Go 360 line. I've loved the daily cleanser (baby blue bottle) for years, so much that I couldn't imagine needing this, so I almost didn't buy it. But I can see using this is for a different purpose; weekly clean-up and smoothing. And frankly, any company that puts these products out, deserves my money. I don't mind giving L'Oreal a few extra bucks here and there. If I had one reservation, it's that this product has a medium scent that I don't require at all.I have found every other product that purports to do anything for your skin to be overpriced junk/snake oil (Clinique, Dermalogica, Proactive). When I see Go 360 on store shelves I buy 3 or 4 bottles, because I want to use these products as long as possible. I don't want to be at mercy of another firm that discontinues a product on a whim, because their bean-counters decide they're not hitting their target numbers."
"Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Night, 1 ouncemakes me look younger, and when I look younger I feel younger. The only problem is that it is pricey. As a result I'll get more wrinkles from worrying about the cost, and I'll need more product.According to the description 100% of the women who used it had improvement in wrinkles. Count me in that group.The bottle is attractive and the spray works well. The company is trustworthy. If I can save enough money, I'll definitely buy another bottle of this special night repair formula."
"I have used this serum during my morning facial routine.  I have used several other products and then stopped in order to be able to see the difference this makes on my face.The biggest difference that I have noticed is that my face is not as dry as it normally is.  I was excited because of the Vitamin C and how it promises brighter, more youthful looking skin, but I was not expecting the serum to keep my face as moisturized as it has.  I expect with even more use that I will see some of my fine lines diminish, but I am happy with the results after one week.It only takes a few drops to make a difference in your skin!"
"My skin feels very smooth after I put on this product. Amazingly smooth in fact, like I can't stop touching my cheeks. My makeup looks very nice when worn over this primer. I read many reviews before purchasing and also purchased the $5 tube of Lanacane, and I have to say, I see zero difference! For all I can tell it is the exact same product."
"I've ever used in terms of the formula. It's creamy, isn't drying--in fact, it seems to moisturize your lips.  However, I guess I learned the down-side of ordering lipstick online, the pic may not reflect the actual color. In the pic, it looks like a orange/brown, but on my lips it looks like black berry. It's rather dark.  Didn't really like such a dark color which is why I rated it 4 stars, but the lipstick itself is great."
"I like that it doesn't have all the harsh chemicals in it.  It cleans good and has a nice smell.  It wasn't so much that I had dandruff, but my scalp would be so dry and I thot that was because of the main stream shampoos(which I stopped using about 3 yrs. ago).  I stopped coloring my hair 4 yrs. ago, so can't blame it on that...anyway, I started using extra virgin coconut oil as a scalp conditioner, massaging into hair and scalp and leaving on for a good hr., then I shampoo.  It helps alot.  This shampoo is mild and again sans  sls/parabens/and any other harsh additives."
"I sent a box of these shadows to my sister because the packaging is so pretty that it makes a great gift. She was so happy with them that I had to try them myself -- and she's right. The color brushes on smoothly for ideal coverage. The set includes instruction cards for three different looks, too.While the company makes a wide variety of sets, this one includes matte, natural looking shades ranging from pales pinks to tawny browns to more dramatic violet and gray shades. It'll take you from polished day looks to smoky eyes for evening.No brushes or mirror are included, and the box is too big for an average purse, so this is one to keep at home, not for on-the-go touchups."
"I am not sure how my daughter feels about the perfume, but she was thrilled with such a cute bottle. She did take a sliht smell and said it seemed nice."
"Suave Professionals Moroccan Infusion Color Care Shampoo has a beautiful, exotic scent making it a pleasure to use. It lathers and rinses well, even in our apartment's ultra soft water.I use Suave's Professionals Moroccan Infusion Color Care Conditioner right after the shampoo. Right away I noticed a lot more shine in my hair and it feels softer. I haven't noticed any difference after styling, frizz factor is the same, but it may take using the product a little longer to see more results.Overall, I really like it."
i love love love this lipstick i am a dark girl and it looks amazing on me  . it is very dark so if you are not use to these colors u will not like it but if you like to experice crazy colors like me you should try this one .the color is like purple with black
My friend gave me this and it cleared my breakouts. I came back here and bought more. It is worth it just for that since nothing else seemed to help. I wear it everyday rain or shine.
This hand cream not only feels great on  your hands - it smells heavenly!  Just wish it were not so expensive.
I love this shampoo!!my hair is silky and smells wonderful and the dirtis gone! just one washing did it.i color my hair and the color was brighter not dull and therewas no color rinsed out while washing.2 definate thumbs up!!
"I got this product as part of an advertorial. I love to exfoliate my face. Well, I love experimenting with new facial products too! The PureSOL Konjac Facial Sponge With Bamboo Charcoal has been a great but gentle exfoliating sponge. That is what I need for my face. Yes I suffer from moderate acne at 35 years old!  It really gets you a deep down clean! This sponge is very beneficial for sufferers like myself! The sponge was not rough at all even though it looks like it. It was very hard at first and had to soak it for about 3 minutes to let it absorb some water. Man can this sponge absorb some water too!  I also love the fact it is easy on the environment and can be composted!"
"In spite of the fluffy, fruity name this is a serious peel. I did not &#34;peel&#34; but the results from this product are dramatic and phenomenal. I recently saw a friend whom I haven't seen for a while, and she noticed how young and smooth I now look. My husband also made a big deal about how much younger my skin looks and feels. I am a very fair strawberry blonde with extremely sensitive skin and I've been able to tolerate this once every two weeks without a problem. My skin looks even more porcelain and fair than before, but in a good way. The clarity has improved tremendously and my skin simply appears younger. I'm not sure about the lines yet, but they do appear softer at the very least. I highly recommend this product, but if your skin is sensitive I would only use it as much as you can tolerate it."
"I got these as a gift from a cousin. I absolutely LOVE them!It takes some practice, but once you get the hang of these, they're great!They don't dry very fast, but it's no biggy. The colors are bright and come out wonderfully!I would definitely re-purchase in the future."
"This feels really rich when you put in on and absorbs fast and your skin feels healthy. I have yet to try putting on makeup over this as I really only go out to see the doctor, so I have not tried that yet. but when I do go out I feel comfortable my skin is protected with the SPF 30. I have used anti-aging products from Olay for years so I don't have many lines to begin with, and I'm not a sun worshiper, but I have noticed what lines I do have appear smoother. I don't expect a miracle in a bottle anyway. Healthy living like eating right, drinking a lot of water, lots of sunblock and no smoking is the key to preventing deep wrinkles in addition to caring for your skin, Products from Olay is a no brainer."
I handed this over to my daughter and she found this shampoo to be a big improvement over the most common brand for dandruff. It seems to have completely eliminated the dandruff and at the same time made my hair more manageable with more body. On top of all this it has a very pleasant refreshing smell to it. I will definitely by more of this brand in the future for her. Plus she also like the easy to use bottle that it comes in. Highly Recommned.
I purchased this because of an article I read on pintrest & when I was lucky enough to find it here was super excited. It's a great wear & my husband loves it too.
"I never heard of charcoal removing toxins from your body, so I was surprised to come across this product while researching natural facial washes. Upon reading some of the reviews I took it upon myself to do some reading on charcoal and its properties. I felt what I read along with some of the reviews convinced me enough to make a purchase. I'm not going to lie, I was skeptical but the way my cheeks have been riddled with blackheads I figured I had nothing to lose. I was so excited about this product I washed my face immediately after I got it out my mailbox, even though I had just finished washing my face 5 minutes before. Like all the other reviewers said, this product DOES not foam up, instead it is a thin liquid that smells like roasted minty lemongrass. Mmmm! I left it on my face after massaging it in thoroughly for 5 minutes, when I looked at my cheeks they were so much lighter which indicated the product worked with removing the blackheads. However, it did not remove all of them, which are the ones that are embedded deep in my face(ewwww). After using it 2 more times, I could feel the embedded ones coming to the surface, and now since I've had it for a week, my cheeks are almost bump free, yayyyy! It is a great product for ladies who wear make-up, it can help with removing all that stuff from your pores. I recommend using it withBriteLeafs 4-in-1 Electric Facial & Body Brush Spa Cleaning System (BL-802), a great alternative to the Clarasonic. This is def going in with my skincare regimen.Update 4-29-13: I did stop using this product bc of the price however when I seen that they had increased the bottle size I purchased another one. I hated that I stopped using this product bc my pores get so clogged I am constantly breaking out. My face was so congested I could feel little bumps beneath my skin and nothing was working. I ordered another bottle a week and a half ago and my face just cleared up and now when I touch my cheeks they are smooth. To increase this product effectiveness take a rag wet it with hot water and put it to your face for about 3 times for about 10 seconds each. Then use a facial scrub brush to get in your pores and let it sit for about 2 minutes, this helps also with milia under your eyes, just gently rub those areas with the facial wash and in no time those will disappear too. No I do not work for the company, just offering advice to other oily faced people."
"I received Simple Soothing Facial Toner through the Vine program. I liked that it has the flip top lid with less waste of the product. Has no extra purfumes added, a plus for me, and worked really good at removing the left over dirt that my facial wipe did not pick up.  I don't have any skin problems so can't comment on that area. I have found as I age (48) that a toner is a needed step in my skin care regime. I think I prefer Simple Soothing Toner to the brand I have been using, and intend to keep using this product."
BEAUTIFUL and Cheaper than going to the store even with shipping. Makes me look 5 years younger and looks smooth and natural. LOVE IT!
"This smells good and it does a good job softening hair. My daughter and I both use it, and while I can't really vouch for its building up the strength of my hair, it seems to do a good job. We've been buying Tresemme shampoos and conditioners for years, and this is a nice one."
"I have waited to review this item because I wanted to give it a chance to work (or not work.) I was VERY skeptical about any claims to thicken eyelashes. I mean...really...growing hair? Haven't people been trying to do that forever?Still, I was a little hopeful. I always had long lashes, but as I have gotten older, I have noticed they aren't as nice as they used to be. I have been using this consistently for about 3 weeks now. I HAVE noticed some new lashes and my older ones seem longer. I am a little lax about taking off my mascara when I go to bed (I know I know) and I suppose that was bad for them. I now DO take it off so I can use this product, so that may have some help in keeping my lashes healthy. HOWEVER! I did realize that I was doing two things differently, so I also used this serum on my eyebrows. I have dark but thin eyebrows that look like they have been tweezed too much (that is just the way they ARE!)and was hoping for a little more bulk especially on the outer ends. I have indeed noticed more fullness with them.Overall, I am not sure if this stuff promotes NEW lashes and brows or if it just conditions what you do have so it is at its healthiest. Ether way, it has resulted in an improvement for me. Not a ""holy COW"" difference, but enough that I have noticed. And I honestly was prepared to complain about it if it didn't work. I couldn't give it 5 stars because I am just not sure if it is worth the price. The better care-taking of my eyes AND this have shown some improvement for me, but I have never used another lash product with which to compare.I have experienced no irritation or burning with it at all. None. It IS expensive, but honestly, it isn't I have spend at least this much on different mascaras, removers, etc. (one of my favorites isDior Iconic waterproofand it is thirty bucks.) So in the range of better-type cosmetics, this price is similar.If you are disappointed in your lashes, I would give this a shot. If you have always had short lashes, I don't think you should expect miracles, but if want some improvement or you notice yours aren't as nice as they have been, this is a worth trying at least."
"This is by far the BEST body lotion I have EVER used!  It's perfect!  It smells delicious, goes on smooth and absorbs quickly.  I'm going to stock up on it, since every time I find something I really love, it gets discontinued."
"This bomb turns a bath into a beautiful tropical ocean.  The deep blue color penetrates the water, turning it a dark and tranquil blue.  The fresh scent is mellow and calming.  The bath bomb softens the water and with tons of fragrance, you feel as though you're surrounded by luxury.  This bath bomb is an experience- for those who like color, scent, aromatherapy in their baths, this is a don't-miss."
"I like these plates quite a bit, I have the original bundle monster set, which have great images but simply do not cover the full nail unless you have tiny fingers... These cover most of my fingers well except for the thumb but I am wondering its I just have abnormally large nail beds on my thumbs. lol Some images stamp better than others. I am not one to pick out individual plates and contact the seller to get new ones I am ok with finding way to make them work. I have been having issues with the image transferring to the nail, which is by no means the stamping plates fault.  all in all these are great plates and I plan to buy more in the future!"
This file is a plain piece of stainless steel.  It is fairly long.  It has a cleaner tip on the end.  It does what it is supposed to do and should last a very long time.
I love all the different shades of crackle you can get in this set. I have not seen anything like it in my town and am excited to see that I can do my nails in all different base shades with all different shades of crackle making a unique look every time I go out.
Works great under your air brush makeup doesn't clump or plug your  sprayer up either. I highly recommend it! You can use with other makeup air brushes.
"I love natural products, although I don't feel like the price should be prohibitive to buy them. This was a lot of shampoo at a great price. A very good deal."
"Suave Professionals products are all pretty good, but this one has one of the best fragrances.  It is similar to the Aussie coconut products and smells yummy without overstaying its welcome.  The texture is creamy and it applies and rinses well.  The result is nice, with soft hair that is just a bit flat, but looks strong and decently shiny.  It is a good value."
I had my heart set on purchasing the White diamond perfume but I read so many bad reviews about how people wasnt get n what they purchased. I recieved this and it smells so good. I spray just a little and it last all day. I will have to purchase a second bottle. The shipment was fast and package very nice.
"I have been using the Olay Pro-X Microdermabrasion Plus system for nearly a month and during this time I have noticed a fresher, smoother looking skin and my pores have minimized substantially plus a huge reduction in acne breakouts.When I first started using this system, I used the included Exfoliating Renewal Cleanser once a day for around a minute each time (counting to 15 in the chin, each cheek and forehead areas) but soon found that it caused my acne prone skin to breakout. I suspected that the Exfoliating Renewal Cleanser was the cause of the breakout so I switched to using my regular cleanser, Purpose, with the brush head and my face stopped breaking out.The packaging, product description here on Amazon or at Olay's website does not states this system is waterproof though I felt it probably was I wanted to be sure so I contacted Olay's customer service and found out this system is indeed waterproof and can be used in the shower. I use this system in the shower and store it in the shower caddy. I'm so glad it can be used while bathing since the brush will send out tiny drops of water and cleanser around your hair, mirror etc., leaving a mess to clean up after using.Pros:- Can be used with own cleanser- Can be used in the shower/bath- Batteries have lasted for nearly a month and are still going strong while always being used on the high setting- Visual evidence of pore minimization after just a few days- Smoother skin- More even skin tone after about two weeks- Less frequent acne breakoutsNeutral:- No beeping/notification timer to indicate that the user should move to another area of the face so the user has to keep track of the time used on the different areas of the face.Cons:- Limited instructions. The system does not come with detailed instructions, just a bare bones outline on how to use the microdermabrasion system.- Exfoliating Renewal Cleanser may cause those with acne prone skin to break- Because the Exfoliating Renewal Cleanser causes me to breakout, I don't know if I would have received better results if I could use it.- The system causes my nose area to produce blackheads but once I stopped using on my nose this stopped happening.I'd highly recommend this system to anyone wanting help with dry, dull skin, minimizing pores and reduce acne breakouts. The Olay Pro-X Microdermabrasion Plus system is very reasonably priced for all of the benefits the user will receive. My daughter has the Mia 2 and based on the results she has gotten with it versus the results I have gotten with the Olay Pro-X system, I'd say save yourself some money and go with the Olay Pro-X system."
"I have combination skin, and it's sensitive, so finding a moisturizer that works for me can be difficult. But this one seems to work perfectly for me: it moisturizes the dry parts, and the oily parts haven't broken out in pimples. No offensive odor, spreads nicely, and works as a makeup primer, too. Come summer I'll need something else because I'm out in the sun ALL day, but for half the year this is enough protection. Bonus is that it has no animal products!"
"--UPDATE 6-7-14:  I used this device off and on for about a year. It's okay, but I recently got a Tria Skin laser device. That's a much better product and will produce better results. Spend your five hundred on the Tria, not this thing, would be my own personal recomendation.--I've been using the Stop device for six weeks now, so it's still a little early to draw a final conclusion, but so far I can say it operates as it's supposed to. It's simple to use, and it's pretty cool the way it shuts off just when it gets to the pain level. I've been using it on level ""high"" and I don't move it very quickly over my face so that I make sure to feel the sting. I do the right half of my face one day and the left half on the next, and my neck on day three. I make several pases, and spend about 10 to 15 minutes. I have seen a very minor tightening effect thus far: it does seem to be improving my skin tone. I'm in my fifties but I have really good skin and just very slight sagging, so I don't need a lot. I will say this though, it is a bit of a chore to use it and so one needs to be motivated to stick with it. As a side note I want to add: the gel that comes with this is heavily perfumed so if you're sensitive to that as I am, you might want to get some glycerin based product as a substitute, which I've read works just as well. Anyway, I'll do an update in a few weeks.UPDATE 1-28-13 -- Alright, I've been using it about two months now and I can definitely see improvement in my skin. There is some general tightening, and my skin looks a little smoother. Nothing dramatic, but definitely something to be happy about. I'll update again in a couple of weeks.UPDATE: 3-13-13 -- No big changes from my last update - I'm in maintenance mode now. I'm still happy with the subtle improvement the Stop has made to my face. I notice in the morning especially that  my skin is tighter than it was four months ago. It hasn't taken ten years off my face, but it does make it look slightly better. I do use other products as well, I should mention. I derma needle every six weeks and also do a TCA peel every few months. I use Retin-a as well. I think using *all* this stuff definitely pays off.UPDATE: 5-10-13 -- In the past month I've gotten some more noticeable results from the Stop by moving the device even more slowly over my face -- even pausing it briefly in certain spots, letting it burn a little more. It is a bit risky to do it this way because it sometimes can cause blistering. I did have this happen a couple of times but everything did heal well. Anyway, the more intensely you apply the heat from this thing the more results you're going to get. I work at home so it's not a problem for me to have a couple of red spots on my face from time to time, so I'm willing to be aggressive. This device does work, but I would agree with others who've said the results are good, but not necessarily amazing.UPDATE: 7-6-13 -- So after six months of using it I'll say this thing was, on balance, a good purchase. But while it makes a slight improvement in your face with regular use don't expect miracles. I do continue to use it along with TCA peels but the TCA peels actually have more effect."
"If you have a lot of hair to dry, or you want it done quickly, this is the hair dryer to use.The Wahl Healthy Infusions Pro hair dryer goes beyond just drying your hair. It offers 1875 watts of drying power using a three stage heater and a powerful 2 speed blower. This dryer moves a lot of air and can put out an overabundance of heat.In addition, the kit includes an attachment to separate your hair and apply a conditioner as you dry. Three kinds of conditioning are available:a moisturizer (included), a smoothing conditioner, and an enhanced body conditioner can be ordered separately.Even without the conditioning cartridge, the built-in ionizer helps prevent split ends."
"This is a dark and matte bronzer.  The first time I used it, I overdid it.  NOw I just dab and lightly brush.  It's a great contouring color, though, and looks great when paired with a blush and highlighter.  I use theBalm highlighter as well (the MaryLouManizer)."
"I have been buying hyaluronic acid serums from my dermatologist office for several years;however, he sells a 2mL product for $80-$100.This is so much better price , and I believe it is thicker and applies better than the one that I purchased from him.It spreads easily and applies consistently.I believe after 2 uses that this product is way better the more expensive ones I was using previouslyI'll update with results so far Im pleasedalso I dont get any allergic reactions and skin looks nice after applying this"
"These are great scrubs pads, however, quite strong. Sometimes my face burns a little after using them. They are the closest pad I have found to what I used to have in the Neutrogena scrub pads for acne."
"This styling FOAM is easy to use and to dispense exactly the amount you want (more for firm hold, less for light control.) It gave my LONG hair real body, shine and volume -  without any stiffness at all. I just combed it thru my damp hair, scrunched my hair a bit, and got a clean-looking, natural style. Recommended!"
I love this stuff it  makes my makeup stays in place all day. Iwould recommend applying everything then spray over your face. The matte finish spray is long lasting wear it last at least 24 hours.
I must say it was the universally positive reviews of this product that made me order this cuticle pusher.  I'm sure glad I did.  The pusher side does a perfect job on my cuticles and the curet/spoon part cleans out debris from under my nails and my cuticles.  This is much better than orange sticks.
"This company makes in my opinion the best next to mac brushes at the cheapest price. The only difference I can see between this brush and other high end ones is it's density. Mac and other name brands one are a bit more ""fluffier."" On it's own though this is a great brush for blending and applying eyeshadow. Good to have on hand. Blending is great with this brush"
"Other brands I've used before that claim they are for drier skin only made my face drier.  Not THIS!  The Dove face wash truly hydrates, cleanses well, and doesn't leave the face feeling stripped. A nice clean, fresh scent also. Good product!"
"This shampoo smells very good, requires only a small amount, suds up easily, and rinses out quickly. That said, while it is a very good product for normal hair types, it is only minimally beneficial for those like me who frequently chemically treat their hair. (Yes... I admit it... I am addicted to bleach. LOL ) Nonetheless, it is as advertised; therefore, I highly recommend."
I received this as a gift and I'm loving it. The floors are bright and just right for this summer.
"I loved being able to try the different bb creams, I use the shiny ones as eye shadow, or as an eyeshadow primer. This set allowed ,e to see the different between the pink and gold vip creams without having to invest in the whole bottle. I found out I like the gold better but pink has better coverage.Also made it a lot easier to take my makeup with me for touchups"
"Great product to hold your wig or hat in shape, it's simple to use and does the job as well as can be expected."
"Labeling this product as &#34;unscented&#34; is a little misleading - the lotion has a very light, but pleasant fragrance. Regardless, this is my go-to lotion. I smooth it on after a shower, shaving, or throughout the day. It's super softening and doesn't leave a film on your skin."
cheap!  better than store prices.  for the olay pro-x only.  great quality.  I actually wash this for extended use to remove the bacteria.
"i did this cleanse awhile back, and i am going to do it again. it makes you feel incredible. i did not go completely w/out food, butpretty close to it, & the only reason i was able to go the whole week with so little to eat is because the vitamins in the super nutrition cleanse are so strong. otherwise, i think i probably may have gotten sick, sincei work in a hospital and flu season was outrageous this past year. i strongly recommend this product. i didn't lose a bunch of weight, but i wasn't overweight to begin with. i guess if you have never done a cleanse before, it would be a good idea to chat witheither your doc, or if you have responsible, trustworthy friends who have done it, to ask them. cleanses are great and make me feel so good when i do them. oh, and yeah, get ready to poo a lot."
"I got these clear elastics for my 14 month old daughters hair, they are great! I was tired of matching elastics to every bow she has. These are totally clear, hold up well & you can barely see them once a bow is in. Perfect! Can't find them in stores!"
"These are my HG makeup remover wipes.  That said, I only use them for my eyes because they make my skin greasy.  I use waterproof mascara so it's always hard to take my make up off.  one negative comment is that even if keep these in the plastic holder - I have to wet them."
I like it but the problem is that I cannot gate  the moisturising night cream from Roc brend.  The Roc  night hidrating cream can not be shipped  autside  the US.
I needed a good inexpensive nipper to keep others from my very expensive shop ones. these do the trick fine. they work good enough no one complains and I wont cry if they clip a toenail on them. I will have to get more to keep them handy at this price.I used Amazons add on policy for free shipping. :)
"I think this is a nice, middle of the road, straightener.  The price is decent, it works well, and has some nice features.  My favorite feature is the auto shut off, believe it or not.  It has given me great piece of mind as I'm driving to work on those hectic mornings, no more wondering,  ""DID I shut off the iron?""As I don't actually use the iron as a straightener, but rather, as a curling iron, I can't remark on how effective it is at straightening.  As a curler, it doest the job.  It's perfect for flips.  And, I know that Remington is a product name that I can trust.  So, I imagine this little iron will keep working for a long time.I also have to remark on the DVD that came with it.  It was really pretty informative and a nice bonus."
Easy to use and feels great on my skin.  Love the fragrance as well.  Easy to follow directions that give you step by step use.
"I don't know what Bzzz is and I've never heard of it so I'm not a part of that campaign.  I bought a sample size at Rite Aid to try it because I love most of Burt's Bees products.  I LOVE this cleanser, I've been using it about a week.  It feels thick and silky and it feels like it will leave a greasy residue once you rinse it off but as far as I can tell, it doesn't.Before this I was using Cetaphil but I feel like it doesn't cleanse my face thoroughly.  I don't use a separate makeup remover so what I do with the Burt's Bees is I cleanse my face and wipe it off with cotton balls to remove my foundation then I cleanse my face again with it this time rinsing it off with water so basically I am cleansing with it twice.  But I only do that when I wear foundation, otherwise, I just wash it off with water and I love the way it feels!  I bought the full size yesterday.I have very dry skin, especially in the winter so I need something that won't dry me out, I want something to hydrate me.  I also bought the Burt's Bees day lotion travel size and so far I love that too!  I'm dying to try the night cream but it's too expensive for me right now."
"I have posted this everywhere because I really love it!!!I was a loyal user of Lash Out. I have very thin and short lashes and Lash Out would make them longer and fuller. One of my co-workers has the longest and fullest lashes I've ever seen, so I asked her what mascara she used and she told me Lashblast in black. Of course, after many years of using the same mascara I was a little hesitant, so I decided to do some research. There are some bad reviews about it but most of them are great, so I decided why not give it a try. What do I have to lose? $6.00 at the local pharmacy?  So I got it and I do not regret it. I get so many compliments and a few people have asked me if I am wearing fake lashes. This is a fantastic product, it washes off easily and makes my lashes look fuller and longer than ever without making them feel heavy or lumpy.  The brush is big but I love it because it covers more and faster.  My eyes are very sensitive and I have not problems whatsoever with it running or irritating my eyes. My tip to applying this mascara is to have your eyes semi closed while pushing the brush up. I apply about two coats, wait a few seconds and apply an extra coat. With my other mascara I had to apply it about 6 times on each eye. I have recommended it to everyone I know and the ones that have bought it love it as well. Get it, and if you don't like it you can always return it. Yep, you can return makeup if you buy it at your local chain Pharmacy, not sure if I can mention their names here but one starts with CV, and the other one with Walg. :oP"
I was so excited when this arrived. An item I have wanted but never wanted to pay the high price of other brands. Right out of the box it feels like a quality product. It has no extra printed instructions besides what is on the box so don't pitch it right away. The diagram doesn't show or label the battery compartment. It is on the end and obvious but it is hard to get it off if you have arthritis in your hands. You have to rock it back and forth while pulling. I was able to do it but it was a bit hard for above reasons.I wet my face and lathered in the included Pro Olay cleanser. I liked how the unit feels as it massages my face. I found the high speed was my favorite. My face felt very clean and smooth after use but a bit drawn as in dry. I followed with the Olay Pro Age Defying Moisture Cream and now I glow. It doesn't come with the moisture cream you can follow with what ever you use on a regular basis. I use the Olay line so I already had it here.This would be a nice pamper yourself gift or a girlfriend or gift to Mother.....Mother's Day will be here before we know it. I have not used the high end model but I cannot imagine it could be much better for the difference in cost.Most happy with this product. They do offer a 60 day money back refund through Olay if you are not satisfied. You must save your receipt and the box to qualify.
Shaq likes it so I thought I'd try it... Works great and doesn't make you smell like a lady like so many of the lotions do...
"This is by far my favorite Cologne my husband wears. Love, love, love it! Did I say I love it? lol Best buy here than in local stores."
"I have been looking for a color close to the jean color..saw a woman getting this on her toes and fingers at the salon..like the color..it is a good match..but better on someone else..not really for me..I am giving it a 4, because it is a really nice color.."
"This stuff is awesome. My hair has never felt so soft, and it is so shiny. I have healthy hair to begin with, so I can only imagine what a great job it would do if your hair is dry or damaged. It is on the expensive side, but it takes the place of your shampoo AND conditioner. I love the fact that I could try a smaller size, given the cost, to see if I'd even like it by buying it through Amazon. I've also tried their lavendar variety and can't decide which one I like best. You'll think that it can't possibly work because it doesn't suds up like regular shampoos but that is because it doesn't have all those sulphates and detergents in it. You just put several pumps on your hair at the beginning of your shower, work it in really well, and then let it sit while you finish your shower. Then just rinse it out."
"I love OPI, longest lasting colors and huge color variety.  This one was ok, not my favorite of colors but very different, you will not see this shade on anyone else's nails for sure.  Its more gold-ish than green, I wish it was the other way around."
"I am in love with my new curling wand from Remington . Let me tell you doing hair is not my forte , but this wand is so easy to use. I could never get the hang of using a curling iron so I decided to try a wand and I am so glad I did . This does not take long at all to do , I curl my hair in under 10mins which is a plus because I am always in a rush in the morning."
"I purchased this flat iron after reading the reviews and I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.  I have very fine hair and am delighted that I have full control over the EXACT temperature of the iron.  Even at a lower temperature, the results are wonderful... Super straight hair!  I also find myself occasionally using this in place of my curling iron.  It is really a pleasure to use.The HSI hair straighter is solid and very well made!  The digital read-out is an attractive feature, although the numbers are a bit small (as well as the buttons), but this has not been a major issue.It HSI Tourmaline Ionic Flat Iron Hair Straightener came with a free heat glove and travel pouch, along with a small bottle of Argon Oil (which I LOVE!).  I never have an issue with forgetting to unplug my hair tools, but the automatic shut-off is an added security feature that I appreciate.My daughter has the CHI straightener but seems to be gravitating towards my flat iron now :). This is definitely a nice product and something I would highly recommend."
"I was initially put off when I first tried this product. The color 'stain' is really thin & watery, goes on like wet ink, and does not feel at all like regular lipstick in consistency. When you put it on, it can easily smear if you're not careful. It does dry quickly and once it dries, you need to apply the 'moisturizer' to seal in the color and keep your lips from feeling too dry. I reapply this coat a few times during the day for the moisturizing effect because the stain on its own feels really dry. However together, they feel fine and the 'stain' does last. I love the Berry Satin color. Minus 1 star: the container and applicator feel a bit flimsy and there is not much in each container. I got this set for ~4 dollars so not a bad deal."
"I go a lot by reviews, so i expected this product to blow me away; it didn't.It seems to work good, the smell is not a gross smell, but it doesn't smell ""nice"" either =/Overall the product seems to be working!"
"Smells nice, keeps your skin moisturized and doesn't require a lot as a small amount works very, very well. Doesn't leave residue and absorbs into your skin very quickly while still retaining moisture. As usual, Neutrogena knows their stuff and this product comes easily recommended."
"I LOVE lavender. It is by far my favorite scent. But I've come across plenty of bad or weak lavender scented products. This is the real deal. It is strong (not pungent) and relaxing. It smells natural and when put into warm water, gives off a gentle but noticeable lavender scent.The salts dissolve easily and soaking feet or hands or even your whole body is a wonderful experience.I have to say that I like to open the lid and let the scent float up for a little aroma therapy while working or reading.A great product that would make a lovely gift too.The label states to use one cup (probably for a full bath) which means that you would use this up in two baths. But if you use it for foot or hand soaks, it will obviously last longer.I was provided a sample for evaluation and an honest review."
"My toddler's hair is just long enough and still baby-fine enough to turn into a matted, tangled mess if she mashes her head against the back of her high chair or carseat or even just sleeps on it, and she doesn't have any patience for meticulous detangling with a comb, so this detangler is heaven-sent for us.  I use it in conjunction with a Knot Genie brush, and it makes brushing her matted, tangled cloud of hair a much easier, quicker job.  The scent is light and pleasant, and the product itself doesn't glop and weigh her hair down.  We've used it every day since we got it, and hair-doin' time is much more pleasant, even fun now!"
"This product is amazing. I apply it every night before bed, after it dries which only takes not even a minute it feel like there is nothing on your skin since it is water based! When i wash it off in the morning my skin feels super soft!"
"I have not faithfully applied this as instructed.. But I might say they both smell so good. I have not paid attention to see if my cellulite has diminished, but I do love the smell."
i loved that it got here before the date estamated LOVE IT LOVE THE COLORS IM VERY PLEASED WITH THE POLISH ONLY ONE THING DONT PUT A STAND WITH PICTURE OR SAY STAND NOT INCLUDED THANK ALOT
"This is a good conditioner for when you're looking for regular conditioning to make hair smooth without weighing it down. It's not overly thick, so even those with fine or thin hair can use this without it leaving hair limp. After using this I'm able to curl my hair easily and the curls stay in.It has a light floral scent that isn't overpowering. I'm not a fan of products that have strong in-your-face flowery scents. This isn't one of those. It's light and sweet and has a great summertime smell to it. It washes out cleanly and leaves my hair smooth and fluffy."
"I like this shea butter a lot. I love that its 100% all natural. The consistency is very hard, so I softened it in the microwave, added a little olive oil and coconut oil to make my own body cream. My skin feels very soft love it!"
Is exact as the picture love it really goooood deal I recommend this pretty jewels for your nailsYes pretty
"I like this flat iron, it has some nice features that the flat iron I was using didn't have.It has an on off switch, a swivel cord a variable temperature setting and a twist lock to hold the flat iron closed when not in use.  I like all of these features.  It also has two rubberized finger grips on the end for ease of use.  I like the smoothness of the metal and the way it glides over my hair.Overall this is a nice product, designed well with nice features and I like it."
"This cr&egrave;me was recommended by my dermatologist after I had had several facial and neck breakouts of red rash and blisters. If you allergic to lanolin like me, there is NONE in here, yippee! It is veeeeery creamy and works like a charm. It has no fragrance which I miss, but that is the point of this cr&egrave;me...to avoid anything that can make you have a bad allergic reaction. 5 stars for sure!"
"This oil is just lovely. It is only 5% blend, but the aroma is stronger than you would think. I love it!"
Shellac is the best nail polish.  So wonderful to have 2 plus weeks of no chips and worry free nails.  Love all of the shellac colors.
"First of all, I am African-American and I swear by this stuff... along with the Joico Silk Result shampoo and conditioner, this allows me to stretch out time until my next relaxer on my 4a/4b textured hair. My hair is kinky, thick-wiry, and I have very dry scalp. This helps smooth down my hair weightlessly and infuse into it cationic hydration and botanical/marine moisturizers- not mineral oil as a cheap filler.What I usually do is wash with the Silk result shampoo, deep condition with the Moisture Recovery Balm using a warm shower cap, rinse and seal it with the Silk Result conditioner. Then I usually add Image IntraKera Deep Penetrating Leave-In Conditioning Complex and pure jojoba oil, then air dry if I'm not expected anywhere.  I kid you not, my hair feels exactly like silk upon finishing! My mother can't even believe how shiny and soft it is after air-drying before I even flatiron it, and she is not the observant type.The only other time my hair has ever felt that lovely is when I deep conditioned with raw Amazonian Tucuma butter. Unlike the Joico it is messier and has a natural, somewhat nauseating smell. Joico products are light enough to use on relaxed hair when you want to actually style it and keep the moisture AND body. Anyway, if your hair type is similar to mine, this Moisture Recovery Balm will most likely work for you. Every individual is different, but Joico has some of the best and most versatile hair products on the market (and no I don't work for them). I love the Moisture Recovery and Silk Result lines so much that I have begged them to start making relaxers after these lines for crazed junkies like me! Hopefully they'll listen... :)"
You will have to apply a thick coat the second time if u want a proper dark shade of black. This is great to alternate with other shades like hot pink for summer :)
"Love the brush, you don't find them these days. It distributes a small amount at a time so as to not over do it. Beautiful shade a very light caramel. If you leave it on too long, even a few minutes, it will turn brassy. I like the shade either way."
This actually really helped get a lot of volume in my hair while blow drying with a round barrel brush.  The product is white and is a lotion consistency and does not make me feel greasy at all.  The product gives my hair substance so when I am blow-drying it with a barrel brush it latches onto the bristles of the brush and allows me to get a nice lift.  The product smells nice and works well and would definitely recommend.
"I use this peel for many purposes. The first thing I do is a deep face peel using the salicylic 30% , once I have peeled I use this peel for the more sensative areas such as crows feet, frown lines between my eyes and around my mouth and nose area. This is great for broken capillairies around the nostrils or on the cheeks. My face is so much lighter after I use this ! The best skin brightener out there!  This did NOT get rid of my age spots or scars, that is the job of the deep peel. This does however top it all off and balance my skin very nice. I also add a few drops to my lotion for all over my body once a week . This will not make you actually &#34;peel&#34; like the deeper tca or salicylic peels . This is a light peel where you skin will flake off gently with subsequent washes afterward. I notice and IMMEDIATE lightening and brightening of my skin after use! .  be sure to do your neck and chest so that they match lol. last year I had a tan neck and chest and white face lol.. not so good. It is gentle and very easy to use for beginners as well as if you are used to peels you can go the max time with this. I chose this one over the glycolic because I wanted to do my crows feet and this is the best one to do the around the eye area.. do not get to close to the eye. This bottle lasts me about 6 months. I do a peel once per week ."
"I purchased this awesome product for my hands, and of course, what a bang up job it does, just like everybody says.  It's cheap and you only need to use a teensy bit.  It does feel different, like you've got a light barrier on your skin.  And I LOVE that there's no perfumey fragrance.  So, I've been trying many different anti-wrinkle treatments lately for my face and yes, they do help some.  I'm pushing 45 and I do have very, very good skin.  But with all staying out of the sun my whole life and moisturizing like no tomorrow, no product was making a noticeable difference on the asscrack between my eyebrows.  Really bad frown lines too.  Being in the health field, I'm STRONGLY AGAINST Botox, but I was really considering it because my Crypt Keeper forehead didn't match the rest of my face.  But I also hate the way a Botox forehead looks, like a stretched, shiny, balloon.  A couple nights ago I put some of the O'Keeffe's on my stubborn forehead.  What the heck right?  Why not?  I thought if it does such a good job on the much tougher skin on the hands, maybe it will do something good for my face.  After I let it sink in a bit I put my DermaGen anti-wrinkle patch over it and went to sleep.  (If you haven't discovered those patches yet, check them out. They really help.) Made an 75% difference in two days.  By the way I've never written a review here before, but I just had to share this.  And in the morning, I DON'T wash my face, (because I've finally now got it all dewy and supple just like I like) just put on a tad more moisturizer, yes, the smallest bit of O'Keeffe's on my problem forehead.  Then my sunscreen, love the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer liquid daily sunblock.  My face looks so much better all day.  I do my face washing at night now before I do the moisturizing.  You should know my skin is uber-dry and super-fair. And if your skin is dry to normal like mine for goodness sakes' throw away your toner.  Toner is for people with oily skin.  You don't need it and it just makes more wrinkles (so you have to spend more $ on trying to fix them).  Anyhow, I love that this simple (and cheap) product is doing what my $400 skin regiment couldn't.  I look better now than in pictures from 5 years ago.  Needless to say, every one of my friends is getting this for Christmas.  Hope it does for you what it did for me.  I've only been using on my face for a few days and the difference is truly staggering.  Oh, and on the lighter fine lines, they are GONE.  That's what I said, GONE. Need I say more?  I am going to be a life long O-Keeffe's user.  THE BEST ANTI-WRINKLE PRODUCT I'VE EVER USED."
"i take one of these pills an hour before i run on the treadmill.  im always careful to drink with a small bottle of water and then eat my oatmeal.  i know it has a lot of caffeine but i still have two cups of morning coffee with it.  an hour after all that, i hop on the treadmill and run off the energy.  this pill helps me to get through each training program since im still learning and building up my times.  it may not have negatively affected me because i am a big coffee drinker for many years and i only take this pill 3-4 times a week when i run."
This product came on time and was in perfect condition. This color is great and can be worn any time of the year!
"This is a really good BB cream for those with really fair skin. It has a very good coverage, and if you don't mind an odd flowery scent it's a pretty good cream. However, It's meant for more mature skin and I found it to be very drying on my face.I wouldn't recommend this for someone with darker skin tones, or someone who likes their BB cream to have a calming, moisturizing effect. It's great for those with mature skin and who want to liven up dull skin."
I've always used bare minerals fairly medium in the original but decided to give the matte a try. The color match is exactly the same. I like how the matte gives an almost airbrush finish where as the original is more brighter so to say. I alternate depending on my mood. One major difference I've noticed is that the matte seems to make my face feel a bit more oily than the original which is strange since other reviewers said it controlled oil. It's nothing a little mineral veil can't fix though.
Super fast shipping and great price.It Works amazing for my little spaDays and Everything was just whatI thought they would be.
"I love the Organix Line because they are low priced and smell good.  This has a very light and refreshing, summery fragrance that is not too overwhelming.  As with all the Organix line, the conditioner could work a little better at detangling hair but perhaps this is because I have long, thick hair. Overall this is another great conditioner from Organix."
I love this body wash. It has a rich lather that will leave your body soft and smooth. My skin is brighter and softer ever since I started using this body wash. The price is great and there is always a coupon available to use. Also the bigger bottles last a long time.
"Be honest, I am not really sure if it really protects me from the UV light. I mean, I can't tell the exact difference before and after using the product, as my region is not one with extreme heat or sunlight. And I have fair skin that doesn't really change &#34;color&#34; after several exposure to sunlight, so, it's just really hard to tell if it's the product effect or just my skin being itself hahah.But I love the fact that it's a really light-weight product, also, putting the sunscreen on alone improve your facial tone color/texture a lot. I have normal, a little bit dry skin and no problems occurred after using this product for months."
"Gel has a gingery-citrusy (sic) smell if anybody is curious. Despite the ginger smell overwhelming the citrus, it doesn't stick in (in a bad way). It has those small micro-beads in it, so you don't need too much to work up a lather. Thus, it will last you a while."
"This soap has a wonderful scent but that would be nothing if it didn't do a good job of cleaning. Well, it does. I feel clean all day!  I don't know if it is drawing out any impurities, but at least I'm clean!"
Love my plates. Tons of different but very usable designs. I am pleased with my purchase and would order this brand again.
"What a great idea to have a pink and snake skin print train case with a shoulder strap, what a great help for on the going!"
I can't get enough of this scent. This is my forth bottle and I love it. Smells very nice and I get tons of compliments. Shipping was super quick!
"This lotion is quick-absorbing and moderately moisturizing. It is not too thick/heavy, and not too thin. Perfect for year-round use. The formula really does feel weightless and non-greasy, which I appreciate. I typically buy fragrance free lotions, but since I love the smell of lavender and jasmine, thought I'd give this one a try. To me it has warm notes, like a bit of coconut and vanilla (probably the shea butter), mixed in with some softer baby-powder notes. If I inhale deeply, I can almost smell lavender, but I think only because it was suggested to me. I had my husband smell the lotion (without telling him what it was supposed to smell like) and he thought it smelled more like sunscreen in the 1980s - tropical and and warm. Not a bad smell, just not the natural, fresh floral I was after, so I'm subtracting a star for misleading fragrance labeling."
I needed a nice base coat and top coat and this did the trick.  OPI is such a great line of products.  The items arrived quickly and in great shape.
I love these Simple Eye Make Up Remover pads. They are so easy to pack when I travel and are large enough for one round to do the job for both eyes. It works quickly so you don't have to scrub at your eyes either. It's a small package with a big punch!
These works faily well. IT takes a while to notice the difference but they do make a difference. might buy again.
"I love the Hot Tools curling irons and have always used them. I have had a total of three since I was a pre-teen and I just turned 40. Yes, they last that long and they get super hot and are easy on your hair. This is a great curling iron even for difficult hair."
I was surprised at the detail of these canes.  I did my grandaughters nails and they were adorable! So many uses for them!
seller and product rocks what else can I say!
"It works, doesn't leave any residue and has a mild refreshing scent. It works well as a conditioner. It doesn't take much to cover my long hair, which is always a plus since it always seem to take more conditioner than shampoo to cover my hair. It also leaves my hair manageable. I am very happy with this conditioner."
The colors are perfect for my complexion which is medium. It goes on easily without being blotchy and looking like a zombie.  I wish they came in a soft green combination.
"It's winter.It's itchy.What better way to battle winter itch with a lotion that smells like aloe and cucumber?Yummy!It goes on easy.Dry's super fast and doesn't leave your skin feeling greasy.A bottle lasted me four months of daily use over my entire body (except face).And it's inexpensive.Does it work?Of course but you do have to use it daily.It's not a chore, just think of it as quality ""you"" time.Highly recommended."
"Mascara usually smears and causes discomfort and redness because I wear contact lenses. I've been looking for a mascara that I could wear without such discomfort. I decided to try the Almay brand and settled on this Almay Intense i-Color. I got the Black Steel and the Emerald Black, and I must say that my eyes were comfortable and my lashes looked nice. I now need to find an eyeliner that will last all day and not smear and irritate my eyes. Hopefully Almay will be the answer for eyeliner as well. If anyone can recommend an eyeliner in the Almay line that won't cause eye irritation and won't smear, kindly le me know."
very good quality flat iron with temp gauge.  Does a very good job of heat up fast and easy to use
I am really happy with this eye cream - I've tried all different kinds and this is defintiely one of the best - the little lines around my eyes seem to have diminished and overall look more youthful - looking forward to more results with continued use!
"Love the smell. It has great hold, you need to play around with it to determine how much you need. It's a little bit sticky, apply lightly."
"I have curly hair and am always on the lookout for products to help me control the frizz. This does the trick. I've been using it for a couple of weeks now and with it being winter - and all the heaters being on - I have yet to frizz up. So, why the 4 stars instead of 5? Well, that is because this product makes my hair crunchy and I honestly don't like the &#34;hair sprayed&#34; feel. It is a fair trade off but, it does knock it down a star for me."
"I have had very dry skin and keratosis pilaris scince I was a child, and have tried everything from different creams from the dermatologist,smearing myself in vaseline, to rubbing the backs of my arms with apple cider vinegar (got rid of the bumps, but SMELLY!)  I had settled on a cetaphil-day, lac-hydrin-night combo, it kept my skin smooth but left me as red as a tomato, and the lac hydrin left me feeling sticky, like it never fully dried.  I also had to remoisturize several times a day.  If I didn't use lotion after washing my hands (every single time)my hands would crack and my cuticles would split almost instantly.  My heels were rough and cracked, and no matter what I used, (pedi egg, heel miracle, burts bees)they would never heal.After getting a terrible sunburn from using lachydrin during the day, I decided to look for a new lotion, and the reviews on this seemed like it was worth a try.  It is the best!  After using it twice a day for only 2 days, my heels feel like they are made of skin again, not rocks covered in sandpaper!  My hands feel moisturized throughout the day, even if I don't use lotion immediately after washing them.  I find that it is too heavy-feeling for my face, but if you use a small amount, it can be used on arms and legs, as it spreads quite easily despite its thick consistency.  It is by far the best moisturizer I have ever used.  Worth double the price, however they sell it two dollars cheaper at wallmart and wallgreens."
"OMG!!  I love the Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Hold Smoothie - 12 oz.  Fantastic scent, perfect weight, adds the right amount of shine and just really works.  Light enough to use multiple times a day if necessary."
"Its a good way to organize everything into little baskets, I like the convenience of the carousel for faster access. My only issue is the middle section where I keep my brushes sometimes allows them to fall through and get trapped. Not a big issue but could be a minor improvement."
"I don't have severe huge white-head acne, but do have moderate acne where my face is pack-full of bumps everywhere. I have tried every. single. lotion/acne-clearer possibly available on the market from the time I was 13 (I am now 22). To make that search all the more difficult, I am incredibly SENSITIVE skin... the kind where I have to be careful to wash my bedsheets with odor-free detergent. Sometimes when putting on shirts (that I wash with a nicely scented detergent) if it touches the side of my face it begins to itch and then I have an allergic reaction in that very spot. I am *that* sensitive. Hence, most of the ""Guaranteed"" products out there made me face swell up like a red water-balloon literally (Proactiv).I don't know the technical term, but I suffer from a vicissitude of extremely dry & extremely oily skin. My chin and lower half of my cheeks and around my mouth get extremely dry, peel, itch, and then if I itch form red spots, etc. I stress all this as I find it EXTREMELY important when giving this product the review I'm going to give it.To not digress further, I went to my dermatologist and decided not to use Acutane due to the risks, and was put on Monodox ""as needed"". When I'm breaking out badly, I take one for 2-3 days consecutively and then stop for about a week and repeat the process. So, this is my explanation to explain my acne condition.As far as MOISTURIZER, I've been so desperate to find the right moisturizer that would help give me that 'soothing' feeling versus itching, stinging, or masking my face with oil. If it stung, it would end up itching after a while, and hence make my condition worse, not better. If it simply felt like a 'masked' feeling in the face, then it simply did absolutely nothing for me and didn't help the dryness at all.This is the ONE and ONLY topical product I have ever used that's helped me. Not only have I found the absolute perfect moisterizer, but for my personal skin condition, it truly does all it states. I *LOVE* the tingly clean feeling! It's like having mint on your face and walking outside on a cool, crisp morning. It has 0 oil. None. I leave it on for hours and it's perfect. The best thing is that it somehow doesn't irritate my capricious face. I was fed up with my face and bought this on a whim. For the first time in my life, I reached for the save.I wish I could give it more than just 5 stars.  Very happy customer!"
"This product is so nice smelling, yet gentle. Perfect for the entire family. Loved it so much I bought for everyone."
This brush is definitely well worth the hype because it does what it claims. I have never had my foundation go on more even and smooth. Another great thing about using this brush is that you use less product because of the even application. Anyone who is on the fence about buying this brush should just do it...you won't regret it!
"i love is beutiful and almost clear. i cant give  5 stars because i havent tried with a good monomero. actully i think is brush clean, so it work really good. ill buy the monomero of EzFlow and see how it work together."
"I bought this product three years ago and tried it for several months then stopped using it as I was not impressed.I bought it again a few weeks ago and tried a different approach. It seems to work with my new approach. So I blame myself and not this product the first time I tried and gave up.I shower every day and wash my hair when I shower (every day). I have been doing this for two decades. As an African American male it seemed impossible to style my hair without first washing it. I think I found the right combination.MY FIRST MISTAKE THREE YEARS AGO:I was applying this product moreso to my hair instead of my scalp via putting drops inthe palms of my hands and speading it over my hair. Although it seemed to make my hair softer, it was not addressing my itchy scalp issue. Also, I was using a fair amount of this product ratehr quickly which became costly.HOW I CORRECTED MY FIRST MISTAKE (this time around)I now apply a couple of drops to my finger tips and massage it directly into my scalp. I do this an hour before bed as my scalp really istches at night. I assume it is because that is when the heater is going and drying out the air the most.30 minutes or more after I apply this product to my scalp, I sometimes apply Shea Butter Leave-in Conditioner to my hair as well.IN THE  MORNINGI shower. But now I only wash my hair every other day versus every day.DAYS I DO NOT WASH MY HAIR1) I apply a few drops of Emu Oil to my finger tips and massage it into my scalp. I keep adding drops to my finger tips until I cover my enitire scalp.2) 15 minutes or so later I spray a product such as &#34;It's A 10&#34; moisterizer into the palm of my hands, and spread it over my hair and comb my hair.3)15 minutes or so later I spread &#34;Shea Butter Leave-in Conditioner (contains Jojoba Oil, Aloe, and vitamin E)&#34; over my hair and comb it through.DAYS I WASH MY HAIRI do all of the above after it driesRESULTS: I am able to style and manage my hair without washing it every day. My hair looks great. My scalp is less irritated at night. I hope by not scratching my scalp and not washing it every day, my hair will thicken in the area that I was scratching it. It will take a month or two to see how my hair responds.I also use Nizarol Shampoo three times a week. I just started using it four weeks ago. I take a balance of supplements (not to much not too little). I love salmon, vegies, and I make protein drinks almost daily. I by the higher quality products for best results even if it may cost a bit more.Anyway, scalp issues can be caused by 50 different things. I always try the simplest approach first to see if it works. The methods outlined above are my smiplest approach."
these are really nice I haven't used them yet but they're the same quality that they use at the nail salon and I love how they look
"ok there is more.I have had acne all my life at 15 it's considered ""normal"" but at 44 it's annoying, to say the least. At any age it can be embarrassing.Clearasil ultra daily face wash works well with the treatment cream but I wanted to try it by itself. I found it was excellent at keeping my face acne free once I was clear and very good at helping clear up acne. It cleaned well and didn't leave any oily or heavy feeling on the face.The down side by itself it is good for mild to medium acne or for heavy acne other products are needed. Still a great product."
"This is a really nice concealer if you can find your match among the limited color choices.  I have tried several MUCH more expensive brands from sephora, but this beats all of them.  I have acne and I've been using it for a few months and it doesn't seem to break me out more even when I put it directly on the acne. One tip I have is if you need better coverage for a spot, use a clean, good quality makeup brush.  Using your fingers is easier, but it melts the product a bit making it not quite full-coverage. The concealer lasts long on my skin, but I go through a jar pretty quickly so it doesn't end up being that cheap. Fortunately, amazon has a good price so I can stock up without breaking the bank."
"I've been using Hyland's Nerve Tonic for years. Sometimes I debate if I should stop, and question its effectiveness. But then if I do stop, I definitely miss it, so clearly it's doing something for me. This Dr. King's has most of the same ingredients as Hyland's but adds many others. I like the spray vs the tiny little homeopathic pills. I'm still trying to figure out if this is going to be a Hyland's replacement, but I know I don't want to keep using both, so one will be the victor. But for now, I really like this one. Maybe I'll switch off between the two. That sounds like a good idea. Price is decent too. Best Hyland's alternative yet."
"I'm actually hooked on these for life now. I do sports, and still want to look good. Prefer something natural, but dyed lashes don't pop as much, and natural mascaras use an oil base that runs all over your face. Blinc does exactly what they advertise! It looks good, stays put, and best of all, no oil to take it off, just stick your face in the shower and gently rub off. Low maintenance but doesn't look it. You really should try it!"
"I bought the shea butter to use in making all of My own soap and shampoo. Perfect quality stuff, especially for the price."
"I have 4 a/b hair and bought this to help aid my growth.  I made my mixture and have been using for 2 months now and I'm shocked and suprised to see that I have gained an inch ""EACH"" month since I've started using it.  This mix works better for me than the MN Challenge and I have seen resuls much faster.  I highly recommend purchasing this powder if you are looking to make a hair sulfur mix just be extremely careful NOT to inhale any of the powder, I put a scarf over my nose when handling this powder.  The recipie I use is:NJoy's Sulfur Mix for Hair Growth1 heaping tsp Sublimed Sulfur Powder4 oz Organic Jojoba Oil2 oz Jamaican Black Castor Oil2 oz Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO)4-5 drops Rosemary Oil (optional)4-5 drops Peppermint Oil (optional)""My"" mix1 heaping tsp Sublimed Sulfur Powder4 oz Jamaican Black Castor Oil4 oz Wild Growth OilThe way I use it is I apply a small amount in my problem area on my scalp every night or every other night, baggy (cover my head with shower cap) and wrap my scarf around my head and that's it! I personally don't get a lot of buildup on my scalp and I usually wash once every two weeks or once a month."
"I like this, but don't love it.  It isn't as moisturizing as I had hoped, but perhaps I need a &#34;heavier&#34; cream rather than a lotion. Don't be put off by that though. It does a nice job, and doesn't break out my sensitive skin like many other products have."
"I was having reoccurring BV and it was awful. After using the metrogel for months and it continuing to come back I decided to look elsewhere for relief. I bought these probiotics and used them in conjunction with the Pearls YB (30 caps) and my BV cleared up! I finished the Pearls YB after 30 days and did not get anymore. I've been using only the Sedona probiotics and have not had any flareups of BV or any other vaginal problems, it's like my vagina is finally healthy and happy. I will purchase more of the Sedona probiotics after my current bottle is out to prevent any possible recurrences!"
"This conditioner can also be used with the Suave Light Oil Spray that has the same Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil and Phalaenopsis Amabilis Extract (macadamia oil and white orchid).  I really like this scent and unlike many, I don't find it tiring.The conditioner is excellent at moisturizing hair and is recommended for normal to dry hair."
"Not as great of a color pay off as I had hoped and it applied a bit streaky, its ok"
"Totally worth the price.  The color is a nice peach (not orange, no pink or brown undertones) It makes my face look fresh and healthy. I have medium-fair skin tone and this peach blush is perfect."
"I bought this after I received a facial and the facialist explained that my pores needed exfoliation but that scrubs probably weren't the best idea for my reactive skin.  This gel goes on light and smells good - not too strong just a light fresh scent.  I don't use it all the time because I have since switched to more natural products, but my skin did respond well to it and I have lots of redness and flaky large pores.  It would be a good every day acne preventative and I think it's ideal for people in their teens to late thirties.  If you want something to target a random pimple, this gel is not the strongest and you may want to get a targeted cream or gel.  This is good for fading spots that a pimple leaves though and I have used it on new pimples with good results - it doesn't over dry or irritate my skin around the pimple."
"Product came just as described and although I have not used them yet, I sure they will work just fine."
"Wow! Im seeing results. I got this at walmart 2 weeks ago, and have been using it for about a week and half, and im seeing results, the reason why im shocked its because i wasn't expecting results, atleast not so soon.  Im going to stick with it because the results that im getting are amazing and so is the smell. Im AA with relaxed hair by the way......oh don't get this on amazon unless you just like getting riped off, got mines at walmart for $9."
"Not sure why other people don't like these, The brushes arrived in perfect condition,I received this package in the mail, the brush set is not professional quality, but It is great for me, because I practiced nail art on my own nails, make beautiful lines The handles are made of hard plastic, the only thing is the brushes that i purchased are not the same as the picture."
This is great MUST HAVE for gel nail wearers! Its so  easy to use and works really well. Will last a long time!
"This is a beautiful mirror that has a large bright surface and is lit with ""natural daylight"" full-spectrum LED's. It's powered by a lithium battery that is charged via USB and an ac adapter, so it operates cordless on your bathroom counter or vanity table. It has 5X magnification, just enough to see for tweezing eyebrows but low enough to apply makeup effectively. The claim of ""full-spectrum"" or imitating daylight is true. I brought it into the kitchen where we have southern exposure, and compared it with light on and light off. The colors were true to life.What comes with the mirror:The mirror, assembled on its standA USB cable and AC adapter for charging the internal battery.A scratch-free cleaning cloth for safe cleaningGood points:This is a BEAUTIFUL mirror.It is sleekly styled, with a heavy base that incorporates a light (green or red) around a ring to indicate charged or needing charging. It truly is elegant.It has no cord, holds a charge for weeks, stays off until you approach it, then it turns on automatically. Goes off when you back away. So you will be keeping soapy hands off the mirror, no fumbling for a switch.5X magnification is good for applying makeupThe size is large enough for the full face and neck, again, perfect for makeup.The light is truly daylight.No batteries to install, doesn't take up an outlet in the bathroom.No hot bulb behind the mirror to eventually burn off the mirror coating. This is what happened to my current magnifying mirror; the incandescent bulb installed behind the mirror eventually caused a burnt spot and ruined the center of the mirror. No fix for this. I have to discard it and that is a shame.Even lighting; the LED's are spaced to provide even, diffused light.Bad points:No optional wall mount. A bracket and mount on the back or an option to purchase a wall-mounted unit would have been great. I like a mirror by the sink that is at eye level. I'm tall and to use this mirror, I have to bend over in half or I have to sit on a vanity chair to use this mirror. I suppose I'll have to find a vanity chair for the bathroom--there is a space under the counter for a vanity stool but I don't own one. I like this mirror well enough to change my ways but I prefer to stand to do my makeup and I can't do that with a counter mirror.No 10X smaller mirror-in-mirror. These are helpful for fine work like tweezing those eyebrow strays. Sometimes you need a bigger magnification. A small quibble--I can live without it.It does take up counter space; which for many people can be an issue. My previous house had only one bathroom and a very tiny counter. This would not have fit on it at all. That counter had room for a toothbrush mug and that was it.LEDs have a finite lifespan (100,000 hours? Not sure) but eventually, they will burn out. Maybe years, but ultimately, they are not replaceable. Also, how long will the internal battery take a charge before needing replacing and can it be replaced? I am not certain if it can be.Bottom line:This is a beautiful mirror, the finish and styling are superb. It is superior to my previous mirror in many ways. The lighting is wonderful. The cordless operation is slick and clutter-free. Only a wall mount would make this better, and that's a personal preference. Overall, if you want a counter-stand mirror, I can enthusiastically recommend this one."
A+++ typical buffer blocks. Great for smoothing out acrylic nails or even natural nail beds after filing & before polishing.
"Comfortable, cute, short in the back and sassy!  Not only do I love it but my significant other does also!  I also love the color(S4/30), the dark brown with medium auburn high-lights give the style much depth.  The curls are adorable but not Shirley Temple-like!  It's a very nice asymmetrical bob ladies, don't pass this one up."
"Excellent product, TO STRENGTHEN hair, I use it before undergo any chemical process and my hair is always shiny and very bright and strength."
this is my favorite product in the world. i can never find it in stores but it covers every blemish and it looks great not blochy blends so well!
I been using ambi fade cream for a long time it WORKS but not that great it fade some of my blackheads but not all of them i just need something stronger then ambi fade cream sometimes so should you buy? yes it worth the money it do works get keep putting it on your face everyday and night to see the fade
"Philosophy is a product that its name says its ll but when you get this home, you will see why. I love this product. It makes you feel smooth, clean and well groomed. I love it and will be or ding it every three months like clockwork. I love it. Works well even in hard water, makes your skin tingle with life and elegance. You will love the way your skin feels and looks. Takes off all the dead dull skin and leaves a shine like new money. I am Loving it. Thank Amazon"
The first thing I always test on these hair products is the smell and this one was great! It made my hair very manageable and feeling healthy. Also loved the bottle and the color of the bottle. The price was a little higher than what I am used to spending but it made my hair feel like I was in a top end salon.Will buy in the future!
"Beautiful color from Essie, and this brand along with Opi are my favorites. I am a lover of irridescent tones."
There's not a whole lot to say about Q-Tips. I bought them from Amazon beceause I was already buying items from there and I needed Q-Tips. They worked well.
I looked around a lot before I finally decided to buy this foundation.  I had Revlon Colorstay before this one and it was just horrible for my severely dry skin.  I love the texture of this foundation-I've never really been a fan of liquid foundations.  The mousse-y feeling is nice.  I just apply it with my fingers and it feels nice on my skin all day.  The coverage is pretty good and it doesn't make my dry skin worse although the driest part of my face (between and a little above my eyebrows) will still show a couple flakes this time.  Yes it's super expensive but you only need the tiniest dot of it to cover your entire face.  If this ever runs out I'll probably repurchase it unless I can find something similar but cruelty free.
"Best tinted purple shampoo out there, and this is coming from someone who's tried a ton of diff kinds. It has a stronger, darker tint that really kills the brass, and it's gentler on your hair than most."
I personally love colored mascara. So glad to find this here. A white primer mascara will help this color to pop more. I highly rec applying white before this color!
"The sizes are slightly smaller than I originally thought but it's still a nice amount of product to get a feel for them. The eyeshadow insurance is great. A little goes a long way. It helps keep my eyeshadow crease free. The face primer, it's okay. I can't tell that it makes my pores smaller but it helps my foundation blend well over my acne scars. The lip insurance I can't tell if it works really. I've never had a problem with my lipstick featuring ever and most my lipstick is long wear anyway. The lip gloss is a nice color and isn't too sticky, I'd wear it and that's saying something since I'm not a gloss girl. Can't tell that it makes my lips bigger though. And the mascara is awesome. It's a tiny bristle brush and it really separates my lashes. On the second coat they seem thicker and it doesn't really clump if you wait for it to dry between coats. I just wish it was waterproof. I'd give this mini set a B -."
Product arrived sooner than expected and well packed. Seller left a nice note thanking me for the purchase. I just tried the cream for the first time. It seems well made but time will tell the true results. I will update in a couple of weeks.
"I am almost 33 but people says i look 20 something... They also thought I am still single but I told them I even have a 2 year old daughter! I used this product for 4 years already and until now I am amazed by how it works in my skin. It became smoother, tight and pore less. I love this with spf 15, not only it hydrates the skin but protects as well. This is really my beauty secret for looking young... I eat food so much, drink soda more than water but my skin still radiates plus the help of vitamins i take...So i really thank  olay total effects so much!"
I buy tons of fimo pre slice or cane I love the better pre cut because there sliced just right haven't used yet but will for valentine day!
"For a cheaply priced moisturizer, I think Simple is pretty good. It's lightweight, non-greasy, and absorbs quickly and easily. I haven't experienced any of the negative effects some other reviewers have reported. I have no issues with this product."
"I got this this razor to try and I loved it.  It smells great and works very well.  When all the conditioning stuff was gone I bought a pack or refills, because I loved it so much. Oh and I have ridiculously sensitive skin and this razor didn't bother me at all so that is a huge plus! I would recommend this razor to anyone!"
"Purchased after reading &#34;Curly Girl The Handbook&#34; by Deva Curl, and I now only use DEVA products in my long curly hair.Following the recommendations from the book, I do not thoroughly rinse this out of my hair.  I have slowly worked up to only briefly rinsing my scalp and then squeezing all the excess out before wrapping in a soft towel to dry.  My hair stays soft & curly with no gunky feel. LOVE this stuff!I do use a TON of this to get through my long curls, so I use SUBSCRIBE & SAVE to keep a new bottle coming every month! :-D"
"I would really like to thank the vendor who provides this product. I really appreciate the effort you put into your packaging to make sure my butter doesnt dry out while in transit to me. Its not the most sophisticated packing, but it works and keeps the pricing down. THANK YOU VERY MUCH! I LOVE MY BUTTER AND  I LOVE YOUR PRICING!!!!"
"I wasn't really searching for an acne-fighting cleanser, but I inadvertently stumbled upon this while merely testing cleansers. My skin is acne-prone, and since I am African-American with a medium-to-dark complexion, I prefer to control acne before it spreads and causes scarring and/or hyper-pigmentation. I have used prescription cleansers and almost every other anti-acne cleanser on the market- all to no avail and sometimes detrimental effects to my skin. This cleanser is perfect for my individual skin and I notice a huge difference in brightness and whiteheads when I am out of it or skip days. It's great at removing all the dirt and sebum from the skin, and did temporarily make my pores appear smaller (probably just because they were cleaner). Most impressive was the acne-controlling properties and gentle removal of dead skin cells. The glucosamine and botanical formula is VERY effective. Personally, I do not like the strength of the artificial fragrance, as the natural sage and green tea aroma could stand alone for a clean scent without the unnecessary floral notes.The only issues I have with the Pore Redefining Scrub are a) the price, and b) finding this in-store. The cleanser used to be easy to find, but lately I have searched Walgreens, CVS, Kroger, and various other grocery stores and they all seem to have stopped carrying the Definity line! :(I am hooked, and consider this a great product, so I will have to find out if it is being discontinued, or if I just need to look around more extensively... I am sick of going from store to store just to find this stuff, even if it is worth it."
"My hair is solidly WAVY.  A little root curl, a little loose spiraling.  Basically, wavy.  Not straight, not &#34;curly,&#34; but my hair is naturally (2c) wavy.And my hair LOVES this product with a great and mighty love!!!!  I layer it (scrunch it) in between leave-in conditioner (Kinky Curly Knot Today) and a jelly (usually Camille Rose Curl Maker).  If I'm going for 4 day curl, I will add a little (little) bit of harder-hold-gel. Plop, diffuse, or air dry (usually some combination of those three drying methods).It gives me DAYS of full, fluffy, frizzles curl that is virtually tangle free (can totally just run my fingers through to remove any tiny tangles).  Serious miracle for my frizz prone, Very Tangle-y hair.Love, love, love, love, love, love.Bonus: it smells like birthday cupcakes."
i love it its amazing it worked exactly as it said it would convenient got here on it im sui love it its amazing it worked exactly as it said it would convenient got here on it im super satisfied with it love love love per satisfied with it love love love
These brushes were a great buy at an even better price.  I am a casual nail artist at home and they are more than sufficient for my use.  I use these with nail polish and with acrylic craft paints to make my designs and they work just fine.  They clean well with polish remover.
"I started using the original serum 14 years ago and fell in love.  I switched to this Thermal Protection formula a couple years ago because I was blow-drying and flat-ironing my hair on a regular basis.  The John Frieda line has always impressed me, and this product was no different.This is not as thick or ""powerful"" as the extra-strength formula, so if you have very dry or coarse hair, you should try that one, and use something separate to protect from heat-styling.  But for normal-dry hair, even processed (my hair is dyed), it's just fine.  I have long hair - usually 4-6 inches past my shoulders.  I divide my hair into two sections, and squirt a little less than a quarter sized amount of serum in my palm for each section, working it through my hair (especially the ends).  Then I do my hair.  When I forget to use this before blowing out my hair, the difference is enormous - it's puffy, frizzy, and tangles easily.  With the serum, it's smooth, glassy, and well-behaved. I often get compliments on my hair - from stylists!One thing to remember: the ""dime-sized"" amount the bottle says to use - that's for men, I think.  No way is that enough for thick or long hair.  It took me a few tries to figure out how much I needed for my hair.  But this is a great tool to have in your hair-styling arsenal."
You MUST have this for gel cured polish.  This stuff is the best on the market as far as I am concerned.
"I first used this product when I was 20 (I'm now 22). I woke up one morning, and my under eyes were SUPER puffy. And it freaked me out because that has never happened to me before. I was working at Rite Aid at the time, so I picked this product up and used it that night because my eyes were still puffy. It was easy to apply and smelled good. The next morning I woke up and the puffyness was gone completely. I never had a problem with puffyness again but if I ever do this will be there !! :)"
"I tend to not like lotions because they can be greasy but this lotion is great, very moisturizing because of the shea butter and not greasy at all."
"Over the years I have developed sensitive skin that would break out at just about any product I used and that was especially true for any kind of foundation or even just tinted moisturizer. So, I've been in search for a non-greasy, light to medium coverage tinted moisturizer that didn't cause me breakouts and through much trial and error I finally found this.I was skeptical of the claims but I can say I've been using it now daily for over a month and it has not caused a single breakout. In fact, my skin seems to have improved considerably - it just glows. The coverage is nice, hiding any imperfections reasonably well (after all, its not foundation). It seems to melt into my skin and blends perfectly (I have extremely pale skin, hence the lightest color in their collection).Best part is, it feels good, not greasy. I have combination skin and so I do use a serum underneath for those areas of my skin that are drier as this just doesn't feel moisturizing enough to wear alone on the driest skin. I'm so glad I decided to give this brand a try. I will be coming back for more and that may be the first time in years I have said that about any tinted moisturizer or foundation!"
"I am a Philosophy Girl & have been for about 9 years now. I started with Purity Made Simple & Hope In A Jar and still use them to this day. When this cream came out, my skin was feeling dull and lacking a glow. I have combination skin, but rarely break out anymore. I bought this and after cleansing with Microdelivery Wash & using the When Hope Is Not Enough Serum, I used it. It literally felt like my skin had been renewed! Like when you take a deep breath (perfect product name!) I now use this in the AM with my Microdelivery Wash, the AM Miracle Worker Pads & my WHINE serum. My skin looks amazing. I alternate between Hope In A Jar & Miracle Worker moisturizers at night. I highly recommend giving this a try if your skin has just been feeling dull, lackluster or you're looking for a good moisturizer. It infuses oxygen into the skin and feels wonderful! I also do the Microdelivery Peel (the new 12 week one) once a week. Philosophy changed my skin, let it change yours, my skin looks better now than it did at 20!!"
My husband is diabetic. I ask a medical staff member often what is the best lotion a diabetic patient can use. They have always recommended this product.
"I purchased this after envying the ones my sister purchased in various styles, colors and sizes.  It actually stays in place on my head (rare) and keeps hair off my face while exercising or relaxing at home.  Love the paisley design - very classy!"
I love how amazing the 100% Pure Moroccan Rose Water by Insta Natural  feels on y skin. I use so many products trying to give my skin the best glo and never realized how harsh it all ways. Once I started using 100% Pure Moroccan Rose Water by Insta Natural  I will no longer be going back to any of those others.
"i really love the color, but was unaware that it was sparkly which kind of kills it. I recommend this for the colder seasons."
"These and Amish pins are awesome for fine slippery hair like mine.  I can get my hair into updos easily, and the weight of my hair doesn't pull out the pins.  Very comfortable to wear, but not quite as comfy as Amish pins."
I read rose hip oil was great for skin.  I use it around my eyes twice a day and on my entire face at night before bed.  I get told all the time I look way younger than I am.  I contribute that to using natural products :)
"I really loved this set of brushes! I'm not really a daily user of makeup but when it came to prom, I needed some basic brushes that would be easy use for a beginner. These brushes are spot on! I really love how they tell you what each brush are used for because it was incredibly helpful for someone that is starting to learn how to apply makeup. Plus, these brushes are incredibly soft and fun to brush on your face! Also, it works really well on blending your makeup. Would recommend this to any makeup starters/lovers!!"
I recieved My 3rd edition palette and it was packaged very nicely and the colors as I stated before on my last review are very pigmented and beautiful. The only problem that I had with this palette was that one of the colors was cracked. But all in all everything else was great and it all i expected it to be and more.
"Product works well. If you leave the product on overnight, you will be pleasantly surprised when the sun comes up."
I shopped around for some brush pouches and they are not cheap. This one is great - it fit all of my brushes and they're laid out nicely so I can see each one. I like the roll up and velcro strap. The one I used previously zipped and eventually it all fell apart. I would recommend this product.
"Wow, if you're reaching the end of the rope trying to find a conditioner that will leave your hair soft, shiny and protected after coloring, please try this.  Yes, I know it's a little expensive but if you're paying to get color, then this shouldn't be a problem to keep the color.  I get my hair highlighted and it seemed after a week or two, the beautiful blond highlights that were so shiny and bright, were dulling and dry.  I'm not sure what ingredient in it is doing the job, I&#34;m assuming the grape seed but whatever it is, yes please !I have very thick hair and long hair so the tangles are a problem for me too.  This somehow makes the comb go through it easier when wet and after it dries, well, it does make a huge difference.  In my opinion, it is worth it and does work.  Try it, if you're not satisfied, then don't buy it again.  I really think if you have issues with your color fading and your hair dry, thsi will work.  I do workout every day and I swim in a pool so my hair really goes through the ringer.  I tug it, pull it, color it and soak it in chlorine (in the pool) and after I use this product, it seems to really repair and protect it.  Try it, you will most likely love it too."
This turned out to be a beautiful piece. The workmanship for the price can't be beat. Only warning if you don't gave thicker hair it might not stay in since it us heavy.
"I can't say that I notice in great changes since using it, but its alcohol free and that is a plus!"
I am quite fond of the eye brow brush because it applies my brow shadow so evenly.  The other brushes are quite nice.  I think I would have liked one of the shadowed brushes to have a beveled edge but otherwise happy with purchase.
"First self tanner I've ever used. I have never purchased self tanner before because I'm afraid of streaking and the orangey look. But a coworker always has just a nice glow, nothing overpowering but just healthy looking, so I asked her and she suggested this one.  It was easy to apply and left me with a nice color, no streaking and the scent was fine as well."
"I received the Blue Bottle shampoo from my Boyfriend to help with my hair fall.  I was surprised that after 15 weeks, I noticed my hair appears thicker, more manageable and lhas has less shedding.. It holds my curl's  better and my hair has a great natural sheen it feels healthy.So I quickly went to Amazon and ordered a bottle of the Premium Organic Hair Gold label this time. I'm not sure if it helps with growing your hair but there's less hair in the shower and on my bathroom floor. I  would recommend this shampoo to everyone with thinning hair and wants to keep the hair you have on your head. ."
"I love Got2b products, and this is no different. I've tried a couple other dry shampoos, but Got2b's dry shampoo has been my favorite. I would spray some on my brush and run it through my hair. It always seemed to add a little more life (with less grease). Plus, I like the smell!The only downside is that I only used it around 10 times, and the bottle is already empty! I went to use it this morning, and there's like nothing left! I used it a couple days ago, and the bottle seemed to be almost full. I'm confused as to how to emptied so quickly! This product is almost $5 (not a terrible price), but for only around 10 uses, I'm not sure it's worth it. I do like it though, but I just wish I could get more uses out of it."
"I love lavendar, rosemary but not a big fan of eucalyptus. Still, the fragrance is soothing and calming. My hubby likes the smell  when I wear it just before going to bed. I guess it puts us to sleep :-).It feels a bit oily when applying. But absorbs super quick and it isn't greasy at all."
"I don't have any crazy stories to tell about how this cologne got me the woman of my dreams or the one night stand I'll never forget, but what I can say is so far I've got nothing but positive comments and I have to agree with each positive review on here...it lasts for a while. After a nine hour shift where I'm going in and out of kitchens, trash compactors, cash control rooms, and even outside I could still smell this on me. It's definitely more for the younger man though, so if you're looking for a smell that will compliment you well at the cigar bar you'll probably want to pass, but if you're looking for a nice smell to catch the attention of a fine young woman on a night out...this will definitely do the job well ;)."
"This is very nice product if you know how to use it, it will work love it I want to buy more but they are expensive."
"LOVE IT! It blends right in. THe first day it did not stay too long, when I checked up on my hair it seemed like it had fallen. So the second use, i put a little hair spray after. Worked like a miracle."
"I buy them for that sole purpose - it removes eye makeup instantly.  Any other make up removal is a bonus.  I will continue to buy these on a regular basis.  I use a lot of Neutrogena products, and this is up there on the list."
I bought every single eyeshadow in the Revlon Mattes line.  They are smooth and silky and blend so well!  The pigmentation is outstanding.  I am so glad I found them on Amazon for a great price!
This is incredible soap.  It not only cleans your face but it makes your skin glow and clearer at the same time.I loved it.
"I've been using this hairspray as my ""all over"" hairspray for a few years now. It keeps my hair where I want it, without making it look glued/matted/greasy. It's able to hold hair in place, but still let it be comb-able. No stickiness problems unless I accidentally spray too much or too close to my hair. The smell isn't bad, either -- definitely there, but not overpoweringly chemical.Overall, this does what I want well enough that I'll probably be using it for years to come."
"i usually use 7 mascaras to achieve my look but i only have to use this now! so happy! so if you use 3 or more mascaras to get the look you like  just get this! not clumpy not runny its just perfect! i will recommend this product to all my school mates, family and friends! thank you"
"I have been buying Maybelline Dream Matte Mousse Foundation in Creamy Natural for years! I can't tell you how fabulous it really is. The coverage is sublime, without giving you the look of piled-on cosmetics. It's quite natural-looking and non-irritating. My particular color seems to sell out fast in the shops, so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.com for less than the price of chain drug stores. The first time you try it, you'll find that you have discovered a make-over in a jar. It's just that good, and it looks as good at the end of the day as it does when you leave for work in the morning.If you are currently using liquid make-up, I highly recommend that you switch to this mousse formulation. At times, I will use different primers underneath. However, even on bare skin this cosmetic is a WONDER!! You'll never switch to another brand again."
"I purchased this from a seller that offers free shipping and the price was something like under $7. Considering that this price is about what I pay at Target or some other similar store, I think it's reasonable. The brush shape is different than any of mine and it works well because it gets those lashes on the inner and outer aspects at the same time you are applying the center. The consistency is dry but this is not a bad thing, it doesn't tend to form big clumps on the brush or your lashes, and you should apply coats in succession as if you are brushing your lashes as this works best. The other thing I love is that it does not give me raccoon eyes thought it washes off completely with soap and water! I have used a lot of mascaras, the worst was Falsies, which was like pure goop. The best ""base"" mascara is Great Lash because it's very thin and sort of separates lashes for another mascara but alone is not enough for me. So I typically use Maybelline's Soft and something but they are back on the animal testing list. I find that this works close enough and it doesn't have the drawbacks mentioned. I don't have to use my Elf eye make-up pen to remove smeary mascara half-way through work."
"gold bond has all of the other healing lotions beat, in my opinion.  It is thick enough to feel that it will penetrate  dryskin and do some good, and it does!  I only have one complaint, I think it is a little expensive, or maybe I use toomuch, because it makes your hands and toes(yes, toes, I use them nightly on my toes and  the cuticles  and  skinon my toes and heels and feet are as soft and nice as a baby's.)  I  think it last longer on my feet than on my handsbecause my hands are in water more often . Anyway, you will love this if you haven't already discovered it.  Maybethe price will come down a little?!"
"The new pointy style tips on these Qtips come in very handy.  I especially like it for removing makeup smears underneath my bottom lids, and it great for applying shadow as eyeliner.They're aso a big help in cleaning gunk out of small areas, like computer keyboards, around the sink, and on car dashboards.Remember NOT to put these in your ears!!"
Great pedicure/manicure tool set. This set works wonders. The cuticle pushers and nipper are easier to clean and they are sturdier than the wooden ones. Great set and great price!
"I really like this matte top coat.  It does gorgeous things to shiny polish.  I like the way matte polish looks but I hate how rough they feel, it makes me want to pick at it.  With this, you can make any polish matte and it isn't rough.  It does take a little while to dry and you can't use a fast dry shiny top coat like Seche Vite on top or it brings back the shine as if you never used the matte topcoat at all.It's a half size bottle but it's worth it.  I have a couple of other matte top coats but this is the one I like the best."
"Practical, great magnification, wonderful for travel! I love this mirror, not only can you fold it up and store it, you can hang it on the wall.  The 10x magnification rocks!!!"
"I'm impressed by the pretty scent and the pretty light color of this shampoo.  Also, a little goes a long way which is certainly nice for the pocketbook.  I didn't particularly think my hair shone much with this shampoo.  It bordered on giving my hair a dull color.  The ingredients are impressive for a conventional shampoo since a lot of healthy ones are included."
It sure gets &#34;Warm&#34; DO NOT USE IT IN THE SAUNA! I did and it burns!!! lolSkin get moistNot seen changes (tone skin)
The colors are awesome. This palette is great for me a beginner. The colors go on a little light so you have to apply a generous amount if your going for a darker look.
"I love this richly lathering, skin-pampering soap! Your skin will be smooth and supple...soft and touchable. I enjoy the scent on my skin. I do recommend using an aerated soap dish which will allow the bar a better chance to dry between uses."
Love this Palette! Definately need to purchase the others. Colors are vibrant and stay all day. Only issue was that one of my colors was broken when I received it.
This product is awesome when you are trying to repair your hair from previous damage and breakage. Of course you will need a trim.....NOT A CUT....but a trim. It will not weigh your hair down and will protect it and give it great sheen. Good to put on dry or wet hair (preferred wet hair) and smells great!
"This color is better for me than no. 21.(too light). Easy to apply. Lovely results. Covers wrinkles without looking made up. Even though I have light hair and blue eyes, my skin is not fair so this makeup is perfect for me."
"Upon viewing its contemporary, unusual design, you will love the appearance of the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"". Once you pick up the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"", you will love its light weight and slightly curved shape that make this flat iron easy to hold and manipulate. You will love the heat plates that are very smooth and allow your hair to glide through without pulling or creating unsightly ridges.  You will love the heavy-duty, round cord that is 9 ft. long.  You will love that the control buttons, positioned on the side of the unit, help prevent accidentally turning the flat iron off or change the temperature setting when using this styling tool.  Finally, after using the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"", you will love your hair&#8217;s sleek, shiny appearance.What you may dislike - hate is too strong a word &#8211; about the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"" is that it is calibrated in degrees Celsius and cannot be changed to the Fahrenheit scale.  In order to prevent scorching your hair, you may need to brush up on your Fahrenheit-to-Celsius calculation formula.  Temperature controls change the heat setting in 10 degree Celsius increments (Using [...] showed this to be an incremental change of about 50 F). The flat iron&#8217;s lowest temperature setting is 130 C or 266 F; its highest setting is 230 C or 446 F.  Further, there were no guidelines included for setting the temperature to the appropriate heat level for your specific hair type.I love the ergonomic shape, the weight, and the smooth styling capability of this unit, but dislike the inability to change the temperature calibration scale and the lack of precision resulting from one&#8217;s inability to change temperatures in less than 10 C increments.  Having a love-dislike relationship with the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"" has not and the inability to rate this as a 4.5 star item has garnered the ""TS-2 Millennium Professional Flat Iron"" a 5 star rating."
I'm not picky when it comes to shower gel. I just don't want it to dry out my skin and I want it to smell good. It also should be fairly inexpensive. Axe meets all these requirements.  It's not tremendously moisturizing but it does provide some moisture benefits. It's billed as revitalizing not moisturizing and it does have an invigorating effect. The scent is quite strong. It's so strong that I don't use cologne after showering. Fortunately it's a good smell according to my wife and a female friend. In fact they both made unprompted positive comments about my scent which is nice. This is the first time I've ever used Axe body wash but now I'll be using it again.
"This mask is wonderful. It is not drying in the least and leaves your face absolutely glowing. It is remarkable stuff and excellent for someone who cannot withstand a scrub, like me!"
"Revlon's Colorstay Brow Enhancer is pretty great-- I especially love the highlighter. Unfortunately, the blonde is a little dark from my light golden blonde hair; it makes my eyebrows look all-90s grunge and fake, but it would work on someone with light brown or dark blonde hair. I like using the highlighter on my browbones, the inner corner of my eyes, and down the bridge of my nose. Just don't forget to blend, because the waxy texture tends to look crayon-like without it!"
"Irish Spring Gear Body Wash is part of a new line of shower products that is supposedly engineered performance. This particular body wash is the Exfoliating Clean with Volcanic Minerals that is marketed as not only helping to exfoliate your skin but retaining more of the skin's natural hydration than an ordinary bar of soap to provide 24 hour freshness.Do I KNOW for a fact that it actually exfoliates and hydates my skin with its volcanic minerals. No, I don't know it for a fact! But what I do know is that this particular body wash definitely leaves my skin FEELING not only very clean but also very refreshed and hydrated. If that's not enough, it has a very pleasant, masculine aroma. To be honest, the aroma may be considered by women to be more for a man than a woman -- but, being a man, I find the aroma to be very pleasant and not overpowering.Overall, I am very satisfied with this body wash and would recommend it to anyone, but probably more to men than women. The only reason I've deducted a 1/2 star is because it contains 1 fl. oz less than my regular brand of body wash, yet costs about the same. Nonetheless, if with more repeated use I continue to be as pleased with the Irish Spring Gear Exfoliating Clean Body Wash as I currently am, it has a good chance of taking over as my regular brand."
I'm happy with these plates. They are a bit cheaply made compared to other brands. The metal scratches very easy with the razer scraper. So I suggest using a plastic one so you don't destroy these.
"I have been looking for a conditioner that does something good for my hair other than make it feel nice upon washing the conditioner out. I have long, relaxed African American hair (which is normally somewhat course) and while a lot of the more well-known conditioners are great at doing the latter, they do nothing for my hair once it is dry. It is still either dry, unmanageable, or a combination of the two until it is tamed with other styling products and tools. With the White Camellia conditioner this is not the case. After I use it (I use it as both a regular and deep conditioner), my hair is soft, easy to detangle, and has a nice shine to it. My new growth, which is usually resistant and a hassle to deal with, is soft and easy to style, especially when I need to flat-iron it.The only con is that I'm not too keen on the smell, which is an odd flowery smell that lingers for a few days. However, it is a price I'm willing to pay for a product that improves the overall health, appearance, and manageability of my hair. It's the first natural hair product that I've ever tried and it is now my staple conditioner. It's about 5 times more expensive than my normal conditioner, but it is well worth the price!Update: Make sure you rinse this out thoroughly! While I still love this conditioner, I've noticed that, unlike lighter conditioners, if you don't take the time to rinse this out thoroughly, you will be left with some yucky-feeling greasy areas in your hair. I've found that the best way to get all of it out is to apply an instant conditioner (which is thinner in consistency) to your hair after rinsing White Camellia out, and then rinse that out. The residue from the White Camellia will rinse out with the instant conditioner."
"This is a great Leave in Conditioner.  The first couple times I used it, I used too much and it was too heavy in my hair.  I've adjusted what I use and I really like it now.It's really easy to apply and leaves my hair feeling wonderful and it really controls the frizz.  I sometimes like to air dry my hair and it stays looking styled all day.The scent is perfect - not overly perfumed and it leaves my hair smelling great and very fresh and clean."
"You get what you pay for - an excellent conditioner at an excellent price.  I used to spend a gazillion dollars (Well, maybe not exactly a gazillion, but close to twenty bucks) on conditioners for my shoulder length, fine but thick hair that likes nothing better than to tangle beyond recognition after washing it in the shower.  Suave makes the tangles comb out easily.I used to think the expensive ones were much better for my hair than the ""grocery store"" brands. Then when traveling and not being able to find my shampoo in an ""under 4 oz."" size that I could carry on the plane I decided to wait until I reached my destination to buy some shampoo. I bought this one because I like the name brand that it is comparable to, but also because it was cheap and I wouldn't feel bad about leaving a good portion of it behind at the end of the trip. (I gave the remaining shampoo to the person at the hotel front desk).I was so surprised to find that this shampoo left my hair just as soft and manageable as the more expensive brand. I couldn't tell the difference! Still, I thought maybe it was just the difference in water or the weather at the place I was staying on the trip. I bought the shampoo again at home when I ran out of my salon brand and found that it performed just as well with the local water, weather, etc. That was 6 years ago and I have been using Suave shampoos and conditioners ever since. I haven't found a single one that I don't like and I've saved a bundle on shampoos and conditioners."
"That's what my wife says and she says she likes it.  As for side effects, can't really say there are any.  My wife is one who often has dry eyes and this product did not increase or affect her condition at all, and she reports nothing negative from it.  Because of how it works, you will need to use it consistently over a long period of time.  For those that may know, hair grows in cycles, have their on/off periods and shedding phases.  This product extends the growth cycle and delays the shedding phase.  Not everything works for everybody but for those that do, it seemingly is a great product for women as women love to have big, thick and long lashes.Now if only they could create the same thing for us men..."
"I'm a huge fan of Winstonia's nail products, but this stamp collection exceeded my expectations!  The images are MUCH larger than most nail stamp images, which is great for people like me with long nails and wider nail beds.  Thank you, Winstonia, for designing the larger images!  I have hundreds of stamping plates, and more often than not, I find that the &#34;full size&#34; images do not completely cover my nails, especially my thumb and middle finger.  But that is not a problem with these stamps at all.  Even the stand-alone images are larger than before.  And of course, these are high-quality and deeply etched designs so transferring the images to my nails was a breeze.  If you are a fan of nail stamping, this new collection is an absolute necessity!"
I have 4b hair type and my hair never really shines. I tried this product because it has a spout for easy application. To my surprise this product really made my hair shine for days. I do not know if it helps your hair grow but your hair will definately shine.
"Olay Regenerist Microdermabrasion & Peel System 1 Kit  i use this twice a week in the night, it is good"
I put my loose powder  using it.it is  easiy to use. and it make my face looking naturally. I recommended it.
"My skin is dry and somewhat sensitive.  I was expecting to have a tight, dry feeling to my face after using it but I didn't.  I have to admit when I squeezed it out of the packet and saw the color, it wasn't too appealing.  When I rubbed it on my face, I thought it was pretty sticky and I'd have a devil of a time getting it off.  Wrong again.  It's instantly warm, but not too warm, and rinses off easily.  I still applied by Simple moisturizer afterward but I will definitely use the rest of the packets."
"All of the stones are the same color, but for the price (one dollar?!?! plus free shipping!) It's a great barrette. I got plenty of compliments =] It's a good buy, and a friend is already getting one as well."
"Just receiced these on Wednesday, I simply love them, they're the perfect size. I got all the pieces and liked that the gold and silver were in separate packages."
"I have been dyeing my hair for at least 20 years and both at the salon when it was affordable and at home which is preferable.  I have probably tried every dye on the market!  Since I have long hair sometimes it is difficult to do on my own.  This is simple to use and does what it says; covers my gray roots.  I will agree with other reviewers that you have to be careful what color you pick.  I have medium brown hair and the Light Chestnut blends well and is not too dark or light.  I have tried both the Golden Medium Brown (too light and golden, fades quickly) and the Pure Medium Brown (MUCH too dark).  This was a perfect shade for me.  Of course it is not going to last for six weeks, it isn't salon permanent color.  But for the cost and ease you should at least give it a try.  Long gone for me are the days of ruined bathroom floors because drips and squeezing out explosions from a traditional bottle.  Oh did I mention I dye my hair every three weeks?  I also use the Subscribe and Save option and never have to worry about finding it in the store at a good price and having it on hand when I need it.  Amazon takes care of that for me."
"For the past few years, I've been using Sonia Kashuk's Remove for cleansing my eye makeup, but it doesn't do as great of a job with thicker mascaras or Urban Decay eyeliners.  I thought I'd give this Mary Kay one a try since it won an _Allure_ magazine award, and I'm glad I did.  It doesn't irritate my sensitive eyes, doesn't leave an oily residue, and takes off even the toughest makeup.  Great product that I will definitely be re-purchasing!"
"The Aqua Sparkle scent of the Caress Body Wash line has an eye-opening clean scent. It reminds me a bit of Coast soap mixed with a floral scent. It seems a bit strong when using, but after the shower, it leaves a soft lingering scent. The body wash itself is easy on the skin and doesn't dry it out, leaving it soft and luxurious feeling. The bottle is a nice size, easy to handle, but the top doesn't always open easily, especially with wet hands.This one's a keeper in our home!"
I really like this eye cream.  I think it has been effective at reducing my crows feet and a little bit goes a long way.
"I personally think this stuff smells like Heaven. My hair is super soft and it doesn't seem as weighted down after I use this conditioner. I have long, fine hair. This is a huge bottle, so it will last you a long while. I love the pump on it. A+ product."
"Unlike some heavy tight feeling bands, these are soft to the touch. Great variety of colors and an excellent price. These stay on my hair and don't cause breakage."
the size are really nice I love it the are easy to put and looks beautiful I recommend it !!
"Now that I'm old enough that my face doesn't break out anymore, I use these to wipe away what little makeup I wear at night (mineral powder and mascara) and followup with a warm wash cloth.  I don't like the film left behind by wipes so I always rinse afterwards with the wash cloth and then follow with my moisturizer.  These are so easy to use and eliminate the water/sink mess I always used to make in the evening."
I give this 4 stars because the soap is rather small and it melts fast. However it exfoliates and lightens skin very nicely. Do not leave on skin longer than 3 minutes because it will start to burn and tingle. This is raw kojic acid you're dealing with people. It can be very drying and irritating when misused! So use correctly. I wouldn't recommend everyday use. Do not get over zealous! You want to lighten the skin slowly and gradually. Too many people expect to use this product and go from Kelly Rowland to Beyonc&eacute; overnight. When lightening skin it's always better to be patient and do it slowly. It's like weight loss. Slow and gradual is best. Also please know that all skin lightening products work. Just chose something that works fir your skin type. If you have dark skin then obviously it will take you a longer time to lighten. It can take months to see results and it might take a couple years to reach your goal. If this is too much of a commitment for you then my advice is to give up now and stop looking for lightening products that work overnight because you're only going to end up with the unnatural bleached out look and possible skin damage.I will continue to use this soap. It smells nice and it works! I highly recommend this product. That is unless you have dry or sensitive skin. If that's the case then you need to go for something milder. Hope this helped.
"It gives a nice coverage but the staying power is not that great, but at least it does not irritate my skin, so I will give it 4 stars for that"
"I love this product.... Thank you Snookie, Nichole...I love her tanning products. They smell great, feel smooth, rich and creamy, and always soak in nicely. Legs often need a little extra bronzer to tan them and this product  helps give them a natural golden rich color...plus it  inhibits hair growth so you can go longer between shaving or waxing, helping your tan stay dark longer. Isn't that what we want...? More beauty, less work. I love it and highly recommend it."
I love this one and it is a very pretty red for the holidays.  I would recommend it to any of you gals who like good polish and great colors.
I have bought several since my first time using it. It seems to protect my hair. I use it before blow drying and before styling my dry hair EVERY TIME. Since using it I have also bought it for a few friends or family members who are really enjoying it also. This lasts a long time but I do not always blow dry or style my hair with heat everyday. More like a few times a week. For the price this is some pretty awesome spray. I would absolutely recommend using it.
"I have only used this for a week. My face feels softer. I have not seen major improvement on wrinkles but will keep on using. I am positive that it will give good results after continuos use. So far, I love it!"
I read lots of different reviews some bad some good so I decided to take a chance and order it. I was really suprised it's nice quality not oily for me at all(I have dry skin) and its perfect for contouring and spot coverage for under eyes for acne blemishes I love using the darkest color(dark brown) to contour my nose it's the only thing that makes my big nose look smaller and slim I love it! I also love the lighter shades for highlighting perfect for any girl who loves makeup or wants to become a makeup artist there's only one color I don't use it's a redish brown kinda weird but besides that I LOVE this palette and I WILL repurchase this when I hit pan on my current concealer palette!
"The most important thing to me in a bath gel is the scent. The nectarine and ginger is a lovely combination. The scent is soft and sweet. In addition to it being a great body wash, I like to use it like a bubble bath. It doesn't produce a ton of bubbles, but the scent is very relaxing. I feel clean and smell nice when I get out of the bath; there is no film or greasy feeling and I don't feel overwhelmed my fragrance when I get out of the tub."
"I don't typically use lotion. When I use SPF, it's usually super water resistant, for fishing/surfing. But for a ski trip, or lawn work, or a daytime jog/sports, this is good stuff. Affordable, SPF 15 is powerful enough for hours in the sun (for me), and helps keep your face from getting dry/peely."
This is my fianc&eacute;'s favorite cologne and it was nice to find a size this big for the price. I love the smell of this cologne on him. Highly recommend it to the male shoppers or female buyers looking at it for their guy.
I LOVE this product. it works really well. I tried to use the ELF make up remover wipes for my eyes but it's just not the same as this. THis one will really get your make up off. Especially the mascara. I wear mascara primer so it makes it even harder to get my mascara off but with this product it comes off so much easier.
"I'm crazy about lavender  I love that spicy, almost citrusy scent of pure lavender oil and how it does soothe my nerves.  I have a variation of dermatitis and my skin dries out very quickly, so I wanted something closer to organic (fewer harsh irritants) but in a good quantitiy so I don't have to buy lotion again every two weeks or so (I have to lotion every day).Man does this fit the bill!  It's thcker than I thought which is great, but absorbs pretty quickly.  While I was putting it on I was overwhlemed by the strong lavender scent.  I was worried it was going to stay that strong all day, but after a few minutes it had reduced to the &#34;soft&#34; lavendar scent, no spicy undertone.  Within an hour there's really no scent to it at all.  This works for me because I do like to wear different perfumes and body mists.  So I can use this lotion and my perfumes without worrying about the scents clashing.My skin stays well moisturized all day - I've even done the scratch test the folliwng morning before my shower and my skin is still not dry. 32 oz. will easily last me a month and a half, maybe 2 months.  And at 10 bucks a bottle that definitely works for my budget.This is my new staple and I will be signing up for the subscribe & save program when I order my next bottle.  I hope they don't change a thing about this stuff, it's perfect as is and I love it!"
"I bought this product after watching a Youtube video about it by a girl that was trying to conceal hyperpigmentation over her lip, which is exactly what I am dealing with.  This is great stuff!  It covers well and hides A LOT of imperfections.  The consistency is perfect; really not greasy at all-just thick enough to cover but not too thick if you know what I mean.  It doesn't accentuate the lines in your face, in fact it seems to diminish them.  I love this and will order again."
"I like Curel skin lotions - they keep my skin smooth, are non-greasy, and inexpensive. I have dry sensitive skin so I like to use lotions but I'm careful what I use.I currently use Curel Daily Moisture. In many ways, Curel Rough Skin lotion is similar to Curel Daily Moisture - it's non-greasy, works well, and is inexpensive. Curel Rough Skin lotion has a slightly heavier feel to it than the Daily Moisture lotion, though not at all sticky. Also, unlike the Daily Moisture lotion, this lotion is fragrance-free.I think this lotion is perfect for those rough spots - like rough heels  and I can see using it every day.  While it's being marketed for &#34;rough skin rescue&#34;, I can see using this lotion everyday all over - not just on those rough spots."
"A few months ago, I got a ceramic perm and although the damage was minimal, my hair no longer had the lustre I'm used to having.  Trying everything from masks to argan oil, nothing worked. I've been looking all over Singapore for a similar product to restore shine but it just doesn't exist in this island nation.This product is not available for shipping to Singapore but a friend was traveling to Singapore from the USA so I purchased it for her to courier it me despite the negative reviews. No regrets here at all. I followed the daily use method but did not use it on my roots. After a blow dry, my hair was soft and bouncy as if I just stepped out of a salon. My hair dilemma solved!FYI... I have Asian hair but it is fine, color treated, and fairly straight."
"I LOVE this makeup!!! I finally found my skin color! My face feels and looks flawless. It is very light I will definitely be ordering more!! They were also very helpful with my address mix up's, they are the only one who actually contacted Fedex and fixed the address for me and I received the item! Great service!"
"After reading all the reviews I didn't buy it here, but headed over to local Sally's at the suggestion of another reviewer. The price is really not that significantly different I have to say. But once I was there I committed myself to getting it. I have pretty long hair and was concerned to get the right curl-formers to fit my length, since I read that they might be not long enough. My hair is about mid-back length so I ended up not getting the set, but 3 sets of extra-long and wide ones, just to be sure.  And I was right. This length accommodated my length and would work even for a bit longer hair. It's pink and orange color ones.The curlers do produce very nice curls very easily, but at first it's tricky. You do have to practice. The very first time, my curls had gaps, because after pulling the hook out the former just didn't want to fall back to it's original shape. I don't know why. Is there a trick to it? Do you have to twist the hook in some way while pulling it out? I will practice more and post an update if I figure a trick.Sleeping with them is a challenge too. Not comfortable at all. But it's optional, so I am not going to go into it.Curls, however, are very pretty and based on the fact that this type of curl forming doesn't involve any chemicals or hair damage, it's a great invention for sure."
This was a very good wrinkle cream.  I am not out of it yet but when I run out I will probably buy some more.
"I can't say enough good things about CND!  Use the right alcohol  % and follow the directions, you won't be disappointed!"
"I loved this one. I am generally fan of textured nail polish, but this is my favorite by far. Discrete and shiny at the same time. Well done Zoya!"
"I really enjoy wearing false eyelashes... not just for special occasions, but for every day use as well. I have chronically dry eyes, and (naturally) very long eyelashes, and have always paid special attention to my lashes... using higher end mascara (I prefer Benefit's line of mascaras), but after a while, I just got sick of the upkeep. I love falsies in general because it ensures that my eyes will always be even. You know how annoying it is when you complete the make up perfectly on one eye, only to screw it up on the second one. I know... first world problems.I've found Ardell lashes to be natural looking and easy to put on. I normally use number 120, which are not quite as long and &#34;fake&#34; looking as the 118, which is the only reason I rated these as 4 stars. IMHO these are more of a special occasion lash rather than an every day wear - AB"
These are very natural looking and don't need lots of trimming.  They are easy to apply with applicator (not included).  Spacing is even and the tone is fine with or without mascara.  Shipped quickly too!
"This is exactly what I needed I is light weight, easy to travel with, has a lot to choose from, quality, and a good price! There are colors from bright blue to bright red but there is also all the nude and natural colors. It also has a good size mirror. I really like this pallet!"
"Wow!  I have tried other brands with the flavor trigger to induce vomiting if fingers are put into mouth.  Kidding about vomiting, but the taste seriously lingers for a long time.  It's nasty.  My brain would automatically stop me when I started to nibble.  Usually, when I'm editing my writing on the computer.  Now I will need to purchase a nail hardening system since I can finally see the whites of my nails.  I was never a nail biter until I started this insidious habit 2 years ago.  Before too long, my beautiful, healthy and much longer nails were being nibbled to the quick.  I suggest anyone try it if they just can't stop biting on their own.  Or, for those kids who are too old for thumb sucking.  Wished I known about this while my daughter was growing up.  She actually sucked her thumb through the 4th grade.  Nothing we tried would get her to stop.  Even wearing gloves at night!"
"There are so many rhinestones in so many colors, it is awesome! The case has a spinner that allows you to only have one section open at once so they don't spill. Helpful!"
"It hold all my stamp plates and I have plenty of room for more! I really the softness of the case and its so pretty. It really holds a lot of plates. A great buy!!The construction is very well made and the plastic where the plates go hasn't torn, its very sturdy."
"I really like this stuff -- it provides a great hold to my very fine hair.  The pump size has lasted me for over a year.Unfortunately, it winds up clogging the pump so you have to clean it out every couple of days.  It is so sticky that it is hard to even get it off your fingers and get into the garbage.  I actually have a very thin crochet hook to &#34;scoop out&#34; the gunked up blue goo.If you need something that will provide some &#34;oomph&#34; to your hair, this will do it.  However, if you have to be prepared to constantly clean the pump.  Alternatively, just go for the squeeze bottle and you won't have to clean out the pump.[NCJAR]"
For a really great refreshing shampoo without the necessity of a complete shower or bath or if you are ill or caring for someone who cannot indulge.This is a great idea for what we used it for - i.e. a refresher after a long train ride.
"Nice and bright color, makes my nails look hot, love love love this color.  A must have color for summer. Got my five stars."
"Nice mirror, attractive for what it is.  Since this does not sit out on a vanity on a regular basis, I was less concerned with its looks than I was with its lighting and magnification power.  The magnification was enough to be scary when looking at my &#34;mature&#34; skin, and worked well as I tried to disguise it as best I could. For the price, I would recommend it."
"Its ok, Not bad Not Great!! I was told by a few woman &#34;You smell Good&#34;.. But still, not as strong as I like.."
"I have used this product and the Mary Kay Velocity Moisturizer cream to see which was better and worth the money.Proactiv Solution Green TeaPros: No funky smell, goes on really well leave no film on skin after application. Feel light weight and make my skin feel soft and not greasy. Keeps my skin hydrated in winter and none greasy in the summer. Skins is also not shiny after useCons: Small bottle going to have to reorder soon.Mary Kay Velocity MoisturizerPros: very thick, provides moisture, big bottle, there is a partner face wash which can be purchased as a set with moisturizer.Cons:Leave a film, the film is bothersome enough because even an hour after application it causes my foundation to turn color and looked patchy and matted. Also makes your skin very SHINY. Causes any sweat you may have on your face to smell and you can feel the moisturizer melting off your skin.Overall the price difference in these two is 15 bucks. In my opinion and experience Proactiv wins this round by a mile. This proves you don't have to break your wallet to get pretty skin. I love this moisturizer"
i love this primer and you neeed only small amount .it is the second time that i am buying this primer
"I bought this shampoo on a whim at my grocery store because I was out of shampoo and resorting to using a vinegar rinse to clean my hair.  It is important to me to try to use haircare that is as good for me as possible, and this was the only sulfate-free poo that I could find at my store.  I'm addicted to reviews, so I was disappointed when Amazon and BB's website both showed crappy reviews on this product.  I'm glad that I didn't return it, because I now have ""hot girl"" hair (and it smells much better than my vinegar rinse!).This product will not give you volume, if you want that try a shampoo that advertises that it does.  I use this shampoo and conditioner as follows:  I first comb my hair with a wide-toothed comb before I get my hair wet.  I then wet my hair and take about 1-2 tbsp of shampoo and massage it into my scalp.  I do not shampoo any hair that is not next to the scalp.  This shampoo does NOT lather- it isn't made with the harmful ingredients that cause your cheapo shampoo to do this.  I then take about 1-2 tbsp of conditioner and apply it to my hair starting below my ears and working it towards the ends.  I do not wash my hair every day- sometimes I am go 4 days without washing my hair and my hair doesn't get greasy or gross.  Usually when I don't wash my hair every day it looks unkempt and I need to put it in a pony WITH a head band to look presentable.  With this shampoo I can rock many hairstyles without having to worry about third-day-without-washing flyaways.I find that my hair is weighed down a bit (it has oil in it, it IS going to do this), but is not flat.  I can also run my fingers through my fine hair without encountering any tangles, which is something that I have never been able to do.  I remember as a kid being extremely jealous of girls that could put their hair up in pony tails without a brush, and now I can do the same thing.  Even my co-workers have noticed how much better my hair looks now, even when it's up in a pony tail so my fabulous hair isn't just a figment of my imagination.Overall I'm thrilled with my purchase- I'll update if I change my opinion since I've only been using this for about 2 weeks."
I have a few grey hairs but not enough to need to color my hair. I use this at the roots only and it gives my greys a light brown tint so that they look almost like highlights. A lifesaver between colors or if you want to grow out your hair without dying.
well I choose this rateing because I haven't used this yet so I'm not sure if there is anything wring with this product. I guess I would get another if I need it again.
I truly love all natural products! 100% vitamin E oil! Vitamin E oil is so good for your skin overall. I'm glad I purchased it.
"I have long thin fine chemically-treated hair and was unsure how this product would work, since it is not really marketed to people with hair like mine.  However, I found that it works very well.  I left it on for three minutes and my hair was left almost tangle-free.  When it dried, it was incredibly soft, full of volume, and feeling much healthier.  I plan to use this product weekly to help repair my damaged hair.  This is a great nourishing treatment mask and I definitely recommend it."
"Okay you can tell a huge difference from using tour hand and using the brush. This gave me a way deeper clean and the Shine Shine Go Away cleanser left my face feeling soooo soft and hydrated I didnt even want to put mosturizer on because thats how good it felt. The only con is if you use a cleanser with beads in it, it really wont come out the brush, it'll get stuck in there"
Well let me just say that this lipstick will STAY with you throughout most of the day so be prepared.  I had to use vaseline to get the lipstick off at the end of the day.  This particular color didn't seem to last as well as some of the others but it still lasts longer and keeps lips a bit moister than any other long wearing lipstick that I've found.
"I am new to Vitamin C Serum. I look forward to seeing the affects that everybody is talking about. I haven't been using it for a long time so I haven't seen any changes. I plan on keeping this a part of my daily routine. I definitely think you should try it out, espcially since the price is so great.Disclosure: I was given a bottle to facilitate this review."
11/03/2011 As of today I have around a week and a half using the product and besides been excited from the prior reviews I am in love with it and the reaction of my face. I've been using it every other day or leaving 2 days apart and it works! My scars from years from the acne are lighter and I see my pores in a better shape and in general my face has been behaving like never. I will keep posting as I advance on it.
This is a great product. The shipping was so fast and it was in great condition! The only thing is that one side of all the tools are the same size. That's perfectly fine with me but you're buying 5 different sizes and 5 of the same to be clear. This was an amazing and inexpensive buy.
"I've been using this to clean my leather saddle and my leather boots for years now. My saddle is in fantastic shape still and after using this (and some leather polish) it is show ready and so shiny. I would never use anything else on my leather (do not use it on suede though). I have a dark oak table that requires a wood cleaner. The others all left it looking dingy and dull. This stuff, which is cheap, smells nice, and is so non-toxic that you only need to drink some water if you swallow it, cleans and shines better than any of the others out there. Highly recommend you keep this in your cabinet. It will last you forever too."
"I love this nighttime moisturizer!  I've tried others but always come back to this one.  I can moisturize in the evening after washing my face, and it stays moisturized through the night.  Other similar creams don't seem to last as long, and some are so thick they're harder to apply.  I will continue to use this product."
"The thing I like the best about this sunscreen is the light feeling of it on my skin.  It feels neither greasy nor drying.  And it doesn't interfere with my makeup if I'm wearing any, or block my pores.  It has a very light, pleasant fragrance, not overwhelming like some sunblock products.  It has Helioplex, which helps prevent damaging UVA rays from penetrating deep under skin's surface and since it's SPF-55 I feel like my skin is well protected.  I've never gotten a sunburn when I've worn this product out in the sun and my skin is very fair, so it doesn't take much.I used to be a sun worshiper until I got a little older and started getting wrinkles.  I still love to be out in the sun but I thankful for products like this that feel great on my skin and keep it protected.  I keep plenty of it on hand and try to remember to use it whenever I go out."
I was unsure about buying Avon. I had used it years ago and was not impressed. Avon has really stepped it up. I have tried allot of face products all with no results. This night cream is a good choice. You can always find it lower priced through Avon or Amazon.  When you use this cream your face feels refreshed and moisturized. It is on the thicker side in texture so if you are looking for a light moisturizer this is not for you.
"This thing is still great even though it has a kinda awkward handle, but that's what allows it to fold, so it is a necessary evil. Never had a device with a retractable cord work so well either. If you want a compact well drying hair dryer, this is a no brainer. I would definitely buy it again."
Plenty of slots for your everyday color polishes. I also use it for my lipsticks and medications. Great item to have!
i was so glad to find this so cheap. its sooo much more in the stores. i use this every night after i wash my face. it doen't make my lashes grow a lot but it does condition them nicely! i'd buy this over and over again.
"This is a great deep conditioner. I love coconut and coconut oil and this works very well. I generally tend to use organic cocnout oil more often as a deep conitioner, though, because I can add other things to it-like peppermint oil and neem oil to stimulate the scalp to aid in  hair growth. I know it works because my hair is growing crazy fast. I do this one to two times per week and leave it in overnight. If you do use the neem oil BE SURE to use another oil with it-such as peppermint oil, because the neem is very pungent and the smell is not pleasant, but, the peppermint covers it up."
Protects well and leaves no greasy feeling on the skin.  Doesn't irritate my eyes like most sun screens do.  Will definitely purchase again.
"I have a packet at home and at work. Its nice to be able to clean up quickly. After use, my skin feels moisturized and not tight. Will continue to purchase. I have very sensitive skin so its nice to finally find something that is convenient ."
"Never used a beauty blender before but it was pricey for me atm so i looked for a dupe. This sponge is very good! It is hard when not wet, but once wet, it works like magic and does NOT soak alot of foundation. For me at least. Glad i went with my instincts on this one! I'd recommend and buy again. Try and see! It was priced cheap and if you dont like it, what do you got to lose right? :D"
"Much better quality than I was expecting. I got these for my goddaughter, she is really into nail design so I bought her a bunch of items from this seller because the prices were so great. Going to put it all together and give her a nail design kit for Christmas. I think she will be thrilled."
"These brushes are the best especially illy the foundation brush , no shedding even makeup application, and great quality, will purchase more"
"Throw caution to the wind and wear big eyelashes. The hugest advantage, although the strips are a little thick, is that there's enough lash to hold onto while you try to place it properly on the eyelidl"
Great product. Rub it on your hands before you go to sleep to keep them soft.Also great for dry hands or lips.
The perfume does smell very clean but I'm not too fond of it.  It's like a strong soapy smell for me.  It lasts just about the entire work day which is what I want in a perfume -biggest reason I gave this four stars.  For $5 I think it was worth trying out.
"Easy to use, nice color, good grey coverage. It's less messy than my favorite brand, which costs quite a bit less. I'll still be keeping with the other organic henna."
"I really like this Clear Scalp & Hair Beauty Moisturizing Conditioner. This pale lavender color conditioner as a lovely fresh, clean scent, not too strong, just lightly scented and pleasing. The formula has a light creamy feel, not at all greasy, and rinses out easily. It leaves my hair feeling soft and silky, manageable and shiny. I've used all the big name products and I like this one better."
"These bottles are tiny. Teeny tiny. But for $19 one should expect that. I was still a little blown away that every bottle was no more than an inch high. Despite that I am giving it 5 stars because it is an awesome selection. The photo is pretty accurate when it comes to how full the bottles are (but keep in mind their size) but the ones that look the least full actually have little hearts, stars etc in them so it makes sense. I will say that the tweezers are pretty cheap looking but I haven't used them yet so they might work just fine.I got this for a birthday party for my daughter and I think it will work perfectly. I think its worth the money."
"I like this product - it works great in my thin, fine hair.  It's not heavy, or sticky/gummy/crunchy, which is hard to get on my hair, and it holds up the whole day.  I love that it doesn't take a lot of product to get a decent effect on my hair.  So, I'll be buying this again.BUT, and this is a big but - hope the manufacturer is reading this - it's really got a LOT of perfume odor to it and it sticks with you all day."
"I have been using this sun block on both of my daughters, who are 8 and 2. I like it, for several reasons. I like that it comes without many of the chemicals that are usually contained in your standard sun block products. I also like (and my 8 year old is especially happy about this aspect) that it is invisible, once rubbed in. You also don't feel it on your skin once it's rubbed in, as I can attest, having tried some myself. Finally, and most importantly, it does what it's supposed to do. My girls and I were out most of the day yesterday, it was hot and sunny, and neither of them were showing any red after all the sun exposure, so I know the sun block worked. I would recommend this to any parent of small children."
"This polish has such a fabulous sheen. It lasted for nearly a week, and I was oogling my nails every day of that week. Might've been a little distracting. :)"
"Instantly soaks into skin, not greasy. The butter has a light fresh, citrus scent and easily competes with the more expensive name brand. Dehydrated skin from sun and surf...Argan Oil Body Butter to the rescue."
"This BelleSha Frequent Traveller's Sleep Mask is decent quality and works well as a sleep mask. I always use a sleep mask since my room has a lot of ambient light, so I was pleased to be able to try out this set. Here are my observations:+ Quality; this is good quality and should last a very long time+ Comfort; these feel good and do not distract while sleeping+ Shaped; this reduces the pressure on the eyes, which is less distractingOverall, this is a nice sleep mask set that works well.Recommended!CFHNote: Sample provided to review"
"Before getting this product, I was using a 2 inch, CHI flat iron (the one with the red fabric around it).  The CHI was about 5 years+ old, and I wanted a spare flat iron to use for travel.  I bought this with the intent of using it as the spare, but I like it so much, that I think I will start using this as my regular styler instead of the CHI.It heats up VERY quickly (advertised at 15 second heat up and really heats up at around that speed).  The plates are bigger than my CHI iron, which is good because I have thick, wavy, long hair.  It also heats to a higher temperature, at 450 degrees F.The only reason why I gave 4 stars out of 5 is because I think the plates on the CHI were better quality, and if you spend more on a pricier brand, it will prob straighten better than this with better quality plates.  The plates on this item are not bad by any means, but I think they are better on expensive brands.I think my styling time has been cut by about 10-20 mins, most likely due to the bigger plates and higher temperature.For under 40 dollars, this item performs spectacularly, and I highly recommend it."
I like the texture and I like that it is almsot fragnance free and add the level of support and hydration to my face skin
Bought 14oz bar at walmarts for. 97 cents. Softer than fels naptha and has a pleasant fragrance. Wish I had heard of this product earlier.
I have tried numerous expensive face washes and this by far is my favorite!  It has cleared up my acne and keeps my face feeling really balanced.  I noticed a difference after the first time I used it and have been using it for the past 2 years.  I recently also bought their hand cream which is also amazing.  I just think this is a super good brand which is completely inexpensive.
"I really like the Moroccan Infusion Shampoos and Conditioners. We often buy Suave, but had never tried this version before. It's unique ingredient, and nice smell comes from the inclusion of the Moroccan argan oil. I suppose it's been around for a while but has lately become very popular, valued for its nutritive, medicinal and cosmetic properties. It strikes me as a new ""tea tree oil"" type product, that is claimed to be good for a lot of things. I don't know much about it, other than it smells nice and keeps my hair (and my wife's hair) smooth and shiny, without being oily. The pleasant smell lingers throughout the day, without being overpowering at all. My daughter, who has died her hair a few times, likes to use this version. We've used it along with the shampoo, and it works great. I'd definitely buy again."
"I have struggled with the redness and discoloration of my acne scars, and was looking for a solution.  Though, I was pleased with Mederma, it didn't succeed in really making the scars vanish.  So, upon some discernment and research, I decided to try Komenuka Bijin All-Natural Essence Whitening Cream with Rice Bran.  When that little bottle arrived, I couldn't wait to try it.  I was very pleased with Komenuka's cleansing powder, and the rice bran felt very healing on my skin, without causing any further inflammation or irritation.The whitening cream (which is actually a clear serum) was no different.  The ingredients are:  water, rice bran, mulberry bark extract, sake, collagen, yeast extract and liquorice.  For starters, you don't need much (just a few drops for your entire face), and the recipe is so concentrated.  I felt it soothing my face, almost on contact.  I have only been using it a brief time, but I am already noticing a difference.  I know that the label says ""for age spots,"" but it is for any kind of discoloration, really.  I like to use this after I cleanse my face with their cleansing powder.  I really reccomend it.  I know it isn't terribly cheap, but you don't need much and it lasts you a good long while.  Great product!"
"This product is amazing. It works great, smells great, is all organic and is about 4x cheaper than any other enzyme peel on the market (because it is half the price and twice the size). You can also get it almost anywhere. It made a huge difference on my skin and I would recommend it to anyone who has acne or a dull, bumpy complexion. The one down side is that it stings quite a bit, but it's supposed to do that. And afterward it feels great."
I've tried several BB creams that supposedly work for oily skin but they always left me even more shiny than I started out. This one actually does the job and does it well. I'm redheaded and have TONS of freckles that I don't want to hide. This BB cream does a great job of covering imperfections and evening skin tone without covering my freckles. I will keep buying this.
"I feel the burn more when I squeeze my lips in and &#34;out&#34;, like you're trying to kiss someone just out of reach. I think it's good to flush blood thru normally stagnant areas of the cheeks."
"My wife has used the night version of the cream for a number of years and swears by it. She likes the moisturizing effects and says that it helps keep her skin smooth. She prefers it over other, similar products, saying that it provides the right blend of effectiveness vs. cost. She also says it is not oily or ""heavy"" and is comfortable to use.So she was anxious to try the current product, the day version of the same cream. After a couple of weeks of using it, she says it is very similar to the night cream with similar attributes and effects. She is quite pleased with it. Her only comment was about the sunblock effect. At SPF 15, it doesn't really do much, just low-level protection. Going outdoors in the Hawaiian sun, she needs something more, and so she says the sunblock element of the product is kind of pointless. But she still loves the product.Bottom line: both day and night versions of this cream top my wife's list."
I love the Angel fragrance. This spray comes with a purse spray that is perfect for traveling or a large purse. I have a small roller spray for my purse so I use the smaller spray for traveling.
"Was not sure at first, but now I can't leave home without it.  I great product with the perfect amount of shine for a natural look."
I've used Cetaphil for years. It's so gentle and washes off quickly and easily. Leaves skin feeling clean and soft and does not dry out my skin. I get suckered into trying other more expensive options and always come back to Cetaphil.
"My skin: Medically diagnosed with dry/sensitive skin.  I thought for years that my skin was oily since there was oil on the surface, and I was breaking out.  I was getting cystic acne too.  My OTC treatments: Acne Free Severe, ProActiv.  Both worked at first but not for long.Saw doctor and a dermatologist and an aesthetician:  I actually have dry, sensitive skin.  The surface oil was my oil glands overacting to moisturize my dry skin; dry skin flakes and clogs pores = recipe for acne (though the cystic acne kind requires internal treatment - food allergies, hormones - as well.)Using exfoliating products on my face everyday to scrub that acne and dead pores off was actually traumatizing my skin.The docs recommended CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser to keep the moisture in my skin and restore the protective barrier that had been broken by all the aggressive acne treatments I had been trying.This feels great to use; kind of looks and feels  like petroleum jelly mixed with lotion, but looks can be deceiving: my face feels cleaned, and hydrated.  The bad - dirt, makeup traces, excess oil - was taken out and the good was left in and restored if damaged.  It's almost a magical experience, my face feels happy afterwards.On Removing Makeup:  I do use a makeup remover towellette before washing my face with this at night because I use extended wear makeup. If it's not extended wear or waterproof, you can just wipe it off with this on a cotton pad.  Other reviewers did not agree on makeup removal: I think it depends on the type of makeup you use and how much - is there a primer, foundation, setting powder and waterproof mascara involved? That's when I pull out a makeup remover towellette.  Was it a day with no mascara, just BB cream and concealer under my eyes - cotton pad with Cerave on it.I also use CeraVe's AM and PM Lotions, and recommend those:CeraVe Moisturizing Facial Lotion AM, 3 OunceandCeraVe Moisturizing Facial Lotion PM, 3 OunceI started this regimen in July; it's 6 months later: I'm clear from any breakouts, all I have is scarring that is fading with help from the CeraVe line's nourishing, protective products,"
I have been using this mint julep masque for many years. It feels so refreshing and good when you put it on and leaves your skin so soft and smooth.
"Works in well and doesn't feel oily but it just doesnt give me that clean feeling.. I mean sure it smells clean but I can't say for sure that my hair isn't clean. It doesn't feel dirty, or like it harms the hair but it certainly doesn't feel like it does when I just get out of the shower with a normal shampoo... I can't say this is a fault of the actual product though because it's probably just my preference of what is clean and what isn't. If you are one of the cool dudes who dyes their hair all of those funky colors it should help with preserving those so you can skip a few proper washes."
"This actually came a week and a half earlier than expected, which certainly made my day! Some of the shapes will take some extra creativity to think of designs and others I'm already coming up with ideas instantly. There aren't any round rhinestones in this pack which is ok because this isn't the only rhinestone pack I ordered and for the price compared to going to a local beauty store, I'm definitely not going to complain. Can't wait to play with my nails!"
I am impressed at week 2.5 smoother supple skin with some fadeing of age spots...hope for more by week 4!Worth the price.
"Buying under eye creams can be a real gamble.  many state that they offer instant results, and you are left with a burning under eye irritation.Pros:I recently purchased Foxbrim Youthful Radience eye cream, what first drew me in was the fact that it was a cream rather than a serum.I also loved the afordable price.After receiving the cream, I applied it to my under eyes in the morning and evening.  It is a rich cream that instantly absorbs into your skin.It has no greasy feel or irritation.It leaves your under eyes feeling soft and moisturized.After a couple days of use I noticed a significant reduction in the puffyness under my eyes as well as the dark circles were almost un-noticable.  My eyes appear fuller and brighter.A little of this cream goes a long ways, the bottle is small, but will last a long time.Overall I give the product itself 5 stars, it works fast and offers quick results.Cons:The only thing I did not care for was the pump bottle, it distributes a little more than what I need with each pump.Overal I give The packaging concept 4 stars.Update:Amazing customer service, this company stands behind there products completely.  After they read my Amazon review about the rare event I had with the cream coming out too fast (due to what I am assuming was air bubbles in the bottle) They were willing to make it right and solve the problem!  I do believe that the problem I had with the bottle was a rare event and I wouldn't expect it with any other packages."
"I like trying new potions and lotions - you never know what you're going to find. One of the things I have found is that Dove Body Wash is very good. The first things you notice are that it has a nice smell, and that it lathers nicely. It leaves my skin feeling clean and yet soft and moisturized. So far I have had no break outs or any other ill effects from it at all.Yes, I am quite pleased!(Review of Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash with NutriumMoisture)"
"First wig that we buy that looks like it's not a wig.Nice thick hair that we can comb [carefully] and roll between finger to regain those nice soft curls.Looks fab on my teen girl. She'll be using it for a music video for YouTube she'll make. Looks so cute. A pity not many more in brown tones to be found. The blond ones we got in costume sites look dreadfully fake. This one also has a stretch strip at base of the head to tighten the fit. Nice job.Only faults I find:[1]  it's a bit dry hair at very bottom of longest strands and[2] it smells of petrolium, so we need to air it out for next days, maybe give it a shampoo if smell still sticks."
Drying but smoothing to the skin
We used this product on our older kids on a recent Disney Cruise and were pleased with it.  But now the High School freshman daughter and her boatmates in crew have made a ritual of applying a stripe to their faces before races.  Seems to work.
"*Disclaimer: I received this product for review. Opinions expressed are completely my own.I've been using this shampoo in over two weeks and I like how well it lathers. It's a smooth consistency and not very thick. I have problems with dandruff, and my scalp seems more moisturized and less itchy. The scent is light, though not long lasting. Overall, I'm happy with the shampoo my hair does feel clean and freshen after use."
"I don't usually make a big note on this when I review but because some of what I have to say reflects this fact I must note I got this item through Amazon's Vine program for review. That said I wasn't in the market for this product. But I've recently been so frustrated with my hair that I saw this offered and thought it was worth trying.My hair tends to be on the dry side more due to environment (dry Montana winters + heating = straw-like texture) than genetics. I also keep it very long because I grow it out and donate it to the Locks of Love charity every couple of years. Long hair like this tends to get really thin and dry at the ends over time. I've recently had a baby and usually during pregnancy your hair grows lush and plentiful. Mine did not. It began falling out by the handful! And though I hate sharing this with the general public... in spite of my young age I've gotten very gray in the past year too. My hair woes are many right now.I ordered up this kit because the word gloss pretty much describes what my hair is missing these days. I nice healthy looking shine and smooth texture. I was also praying this wasn't going to be too involved because as a mom I don't have a lot of time for time consuming beauty regimens. This kit is fortunately very simple. Shampoo, condition and work in a bit of styling cream after.As other reviewers have touched on the scent, I personally thought it was extremely light with definite green notes. I don't really care for the smell myself but it's not overpowering so I barely noticed it once my hair was dry. There are a few tips included in the kit for how best to use these products, one of which is the classic blast of cold water when you're finished rinsing out the conditioner. The shampoo is very thick which I did not expect. You won't need much to work up a really foamy lather. Because these contain olive oil you will want to rinse really well and avoid conditioning the scalp because it will weigh hair down considerably. Worried about dry scalp? With running the heat so much this winter mine was really bad before trying the shampoo and I was concerned it would be worse after subjecting it to a new product but my scalp loved this! I would suggest that when you're rinsing out both the shampoo and conditioner you do it a little longer than you're used to. I was sure mine was done and found it was still a bit slimy and had to re-rinse. The styling cream has a smooth texture that was easy to work through my hair. I probably used way too much of it because a pea-sized dab is never enough when you have hair down to your bum.So how were the results? Silky smoothness! Not as shiny as a ""glossing"" kit made me think of but surprisingly lush feeling overall. Even with blow drying (which I honestly only do if I have to go out into the frigid temps) my hair feels terrific. No tangles, no frizzies. I can run my hand through my hair without pulling out handfuls of straw.So overall I like the products, am happy with the results and would certainly recommend them. I would, however, say that I think you would get best results on shorter or curly hair versus my lengthy straight locks. I do not think this would be good for anyone with fine hair because it definitely weighs hair down but my hair is on the thick side so I cannot say for sure. My only issue with this kit and the products in general is the price tag. Normally this would be a bit expensive, a luxury I would hesitate to purchase without reading a lot of reviews. I think you'll be paying for the Fekkai name on the box more than anything because these are not large bottles of product by any means.It should also be noted that... At last check these are not FAA approved sizes for travel, so don't let the product description's deceptive wording fool you. Also, it may be because I got this as a review set and not the one sold on the site but there was no finishing spray, travel comb or travel bag (you may want to ask around about that)."
"One of the best sunscreen sprays I have found without all the chemicals.  It takes a bit to get used to it but if you give it chance you will love it.  It goes on a bit oily and I normally give it a quick rub in once I spray it.  It takes 2 minutes to dry and done.  At first I thought it was too messy since I was used to the spray cans where you spray and go.  Once I started giving it a rub and letting it sit for moment, I found it way exceeded other spray sunscreen.  No noxious odor, no chemicals and safe for the kids.  Really really recommend this product."
"I use this and the matching shampoo on my girls' very curly red hair.  Taming curly hair is a brutal operation.  This stuff is a big help.  Wash, rinse, add conditioner and comb it out.  Then let it sit a few minutes.  Really, Really great."
This concealer for the money is a great product!  I would like a little more coverage than it offers so if you are going for a more natural coverage PERFECT!  I would definitely buy this product again but am looking around at other options as well!
"My husband doesn't use conditioner and I don't think many guys do. So sometimes his hair isn't as &#34;soft&#34; as it could be.This 2 in 1 is the perfect solution, there are no extra steps involved. Best of all his hair is soft and smells so nice. Suave has always been a very affordable brand and lasts a long time if the hair cut is short.Well worth it, and I recommend you give it a try, it might just become a new favorite in your house."
"This is great for eczema. Non irritating, fragrance free and long lasting. Goes on thick and creamy and lasts a long time. Really happy with this. Works as well if not better than the prescription stuff and is a lot cheaper than what you get for RX cost. Will definitely buy more of!"
I'm done looking - I can't believe they discontinued this. Are they mad? Perfect glitter... so pretty in just one coat.
"I'm a Queen Latifah fan and have been wanting to try her perfume. This scent is very nice but I felt was too old for me. I like more sweet scents, but that's just my personal perfume preference. My mother though really liked this scent. It just depends on want you enjoy. But all in all great price for a perfume."
"I've used Nailtiques for years and I believe that it keeps my nails strong, helps prevent splitting, and lengthens the time my manicures last. I do use three coats with each manicure: two as a base coat, two coats of polish, and then a third coat of nailtiques. Then a third coat of polish, then a topcoat of Seche Vita. My manicures last 1  - 2 weeks, with only occasional minor repairs. Usually the reason I do another manicure is because my nails have grown out. This is a great product."
I purchased this product one month ago and so far have been enjoying using it.  I feel a tingle when I use it and sometimes my skin is red for a short period of time.  I have not seen any big changes in my skin and hope that over time I will get more results.
"My goodness gracious!  YaHoo!  Very surprised to see that this product actually produced satisfying results.  I've used Sisley (French) wrinkle cream for years with good results but the cost has gone up 30% and is now out of my budget range, even if I get it through Duty Free stores.  I could buy two years supply of this product for the cost of one jar of Sisley.  Good to get wiser without having to look older.  The deep furrow line between my eyebrows and on my forehead have greatly reduced after two or three applications.  And the more shallow lines have disappeared all together.  I know I will have to keep up the regime but now I can afford it.  I was not expecting a complete miracle but this comes darn close!"
I don't know how anyone can not have one of these in their collection.  It makes crappy mascara look better until you can buy a kind that really works for you!  Use with care and you will love it!!
I've been using Olay Regenerist cream for a few years now and am very happy with the results. I added the serum to my morning and evening routine and found that it has made a difference in my skin. I like the fragrance-free version.
"L'oreal makes the best skin care products hands down.  I have been using them for years.  This particular product not only contains a high SPF of 30, but also contains capryloyl salicylic acid, which is a great exfoliator and great for skin in general.  Highly recommended."
"It's good but, when it comes to convenience, theNeutrogena Ultra Sheer Body Mist Sunblock Spf 70 5 Oz.is better in my view. We almost stopped using the 'tubes' a couple of years ago when 2 things happened: most of our kids grew up and we discovered the 'mist' sprays. We never felt like we needed the lotions except for our little baby girl.As far as effectiveness, both are good when it comes to being tolerated by the skin and NOT blocking our pores but I do have a preference for the mist myself. They both seem to be water-resistant to some degree. I will not reapply the sunblock after one swim session but, mostly out of prudence, I will reapply it after the second. We've tested the Neutrogena sunblocks under the Florida sun in June and July for the past several years and, no sunburns so far.- UVA/UVB protection- Helioplex for keeping the product effective longer- feels VERY light on the skin- discreet, sexy odor- stays effective for several hours- I don't need to re-apply it after swimmingI would recommend this tube to anyone who doesn't like the spray but, like I said, I like the spray even more._______________________________________True story. I know it's true because it happened to me, a few days ago.One lazy Saturday afternoon, having completed my 100 or so laps, I am in the back of the house, reading a book and sipping some drink, Scotch and soda. A bunch of kids are splashing in the pool, dogs over-excited. I notice T. circling around, trying to look busy, a hesitant, uncomfortable look on her face. She's my wife's girlfriend, a neighbor, and she's married too, 3 little girls, her 6 yr. old our 6 yr. old's best friends. While all this is going on, I keep reading, enjoying the day, sipping my drink.To make it short, she seems to find the needed energy to address me directly.A., she says, what are you wearing?Svimvear I says (a joke, she's from Russia).No, no, no, she says, what perfume are you wearing? Or is it your aftershave?What are you talking about? No perfume, says I. I just came out of the pool.But, A., you smell soooo good, says she. My husband never smells like this. Why can't he smell like you do?Ahhhh... I finally realize, it's GOT to be the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer I'm wearing.True story. Feel free to draw your own conclusions."
"I was pleasantly surprised by this skin care product and after I had used it a few times, I found my face to feel much smoother and my acne less. This is perfect to use in the shower or for quick use as you go through your daily bathroom routine. The scrub pads given in the package really work and the kit has a nice pulsating feel to it as if you are receiving a massage on your face.This product may be a bit pricey for everyday use, but overall a pleasing way to clean your face and stop the outbreak of pimples and other face problems that arise.Katiebabs"
SUAVE HAS REALLY OUTDID THEMSELVES! This Suave Professional Gradual Self Tanner is extremely helpful for me especially if I had been working outside and I got too dark on one side where my body is lopsided; very helpful to keep my body in check and evenly toned! THANKS SUAVE FOR THIS AMAZING PRODUCT WITH NO ORANGEY RESIDUE!
"Recently I tried many different products from the ""Motions"" line.  I must admit that this is a salon quality kind of product line that will not not let you down and it is more affordable than Pual Mitchell and many other fancy hair products you may find in retail stores and salons.  I like my hair styled in the morning so I can look professional at work.  This product comes in a very convenient packaging that does not take a lot of counter space.  It is foaming product and easy to apply and distribute on the wet hair.  I use tourmaline styling hair brush and with this product my hair is pristinely straight and stays in place all day long.  There is no frizz at all.It is important to mention that this product also contains collagen which will help moisturize the hair (particularly ends if one has long hair).  Even if not used ever day, this product is perfect for at home styling efforts when you need it.  Fragrance of all ""Motions"" products is very pleasing and that is another added plus to this hair line of products line in general."
"I've purchased a number of curling irons over the years, at various prices. The Conair Satin Finish 1-Inch Ceramic Curling Iron is a tremendous bargain. The ceramic finish allows me to put some strategic curl in my hair after blowing dry, without having my hair be damaged by sticking to the surface and overheating. The clamp holds securely enough to work on thin sections without slipping.This iron offers great convenience of use, safety features, and even imparts a wonderful shine to your hair. You can pay more for an iron, but it will be hard to match all these features at this great price, and I will definitely buy a second one in a different size."
"From my daughter: I really like all the Dove hair and skin care products. This product smells nice and gave my roots a nice lift, which was surprising since I have very long hair. I only noticed a few times that when I sprayed too much my hair got a little stiff, but it was never sticky or flaky. I have never used a root lift product before, and while this did everything it claimed, I feel like I prefer a more simple hair care/styling routine, so once this runs out, I'm not sure if I would purchase again."
"I like this dry shampoo overall, but I can't find any with blonde in stores anymore. I have been buying two at a time of this one now, and I use it on my roots everytime it starts growing out and I don't want to get it done just yet. I'll get out of the shower, blow dry, and then spray it in and then I'm blonde again. When you've just got dirty hair it's also great and adds a lot of body. Like all dry shampoos you may end up getting a tense scalp or need to actually wash your hair the next day."
"This is one of my favorite reds, but I think it leans more toward orange. It is the most orange/red nail polish I can comfortably wear. Love it and highly recommend it, especially for dark skin."
"This is a more dry waterless shampoo than others I've tried.  It does not appear as if any product is in my hair yet my hair is not sticking up in places.  Unlike prior years, I've got a private full bathroom in my office suite this time.  One consequence is that the first-thing-in-the-morning-shower kind of went by the wayside.  It's better to beat the rush and worry about a shower later, I always figure.  But then actually I don't usually get to take a shower until afternoon.  Solution - the waterless shampoo.  Weird but it works for me since I have short hair."
I have really dry thick hair and I hate it...  this oil calms my hair down and puts a nice shine to it.
This stuff is lash cement! A little goes along way and because of its small brush you can precision place glue without it gooping out of a tube. Plus it dries faster than duo so you don't have to blow on it or wait long for it to get tacky. It is really black like liquid eyeliner so I wouldn't suggest this for a beginner to eyelashes. The wand is helpful as well. Hope y'all like as much as I do.
"Extended my manicure 3 days... fantastic! (I'm sorry, but why must this be a certain number of words?  I'm happy with it because it made my manicure last longer; isn't that enough?  Geez, Amazon!)"
"It is a good product for hide some imperfections in the skin, not like a foundation but it does the work.Very cheap and it comes a nice amount. Great deal."
"The Bellesha foot scrubber proved to be as handy as it was advertised to be, simply sticking to the bottom of the tub and was ready for use. Loved the fact that it was something I could do easily without having to hold it, and at the end of the day it is something that I would definitely recommend for others."
"Nexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam, 5.5 OunceMy hair is almost to my waist, and in excellent condition -- so I'm very careful about the products I trust it to, if ya know what I mean.reads label:  ""is a daily leave-in treatment that provides weightless nourishment to restore softness and shine.  Use everyday to keep hair looking beautiful, healthy and full of life.""  Okay, I'll try Nexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam. :)  *into my shopping cart it goes*After using Nexxus' Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam for a couple of weeks, a few of my observations:Stylish pump action bottle that is easy to use and looks nice sitting on the bathroom counter. Just press pump and grab a bit of foam -- don't need a lot -- rub hands together and stroke through hair.  Ahhhhh!No sticky or tacky residual feeling on hands or hair. At this rate, one 5.5 ounce bottle is sure to last a long time.Either using on freshly shampooed damp hair before blow drying, and then using hot irons -- curling irons -- after blow drying), or freshly blow dried hair (to weightlessly control fly-aways and static -- followed up by hot irons, or left as it was) -- the results, for Me, were basically the same.  Shiny, beautiful, hair that felt like pure Silk.  I kid ya not!  Did not weigh the hair down!  It also seemed to tone down the brassiness of my blonde hair.My new best friend, to be sure!  Off to buy more Nexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam before it's all gone --- or My Sisters hear about it and hoard it all. :)Does the Nexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam, sound like what you may be looking for? :)  Highly Recommended!  --Katharena Eiermann, 2013note:  Other Nexxus products I've reviewed:Nexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture ShampooNexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture ConditionerNexxus Hydralight Weightless Moisture Leave-In Conditioning Foam"
Love this with my Tarte eyelash curler.  Curled lashes with lots of volume!  I like this style wand better than the straight one - much easier to get an even application and layer.
"I've really enjoyed all of my gelish products, so of course I love this one as well. Big bottle, easy brush to apply product. Good value for money spent. Much bigger bottles the CND."
"As the other reviewer already mentioned, the scent and creaminess of this lotion are above average from what I would expect from a &#34;Suave&#34; product.  My wife's skin is light/medium and within a couple of applications the hue had started to change...and not to an orange! :)"
"I got three shades of magnetic polish for my teenage daughter because she loves painting her nails. I was intrigued by it and generally don't wear nail polish but decided to try the Silver Elements.Following the instructions was easy. The first thin coat was sheer enough that I wondered how well it would work, it dried very quickly. Applying the second thick coat to one nail at a time then using the magnet on it took a little more time. The overcap with the magnet has a lip to sit under the cuticle with the magnet over the nail bed.It was so neat seeing the design appear. Holding the magnet for a bit longer than a ten count created a more interesting and vivid effect. The polish is holding up fine so far and I'm pretty hard on my nails.I may get some more just for myself. This is a lot of fun. My daughter likes it a lot too."
"This works! SPF 30 protects my face well. I like to go riding this is used on my face and neck. No irritation on my skin. My skin gets fairly oily throughout the day but this will last throughout the day unless wiped/washed off. I have tried zinc type face sun protection on my face, I believe this works as good considering the price. BTW, Amazon has the best price!"
"I've always had thinning hair. Even as a child, when my hair grew past my shoulders, it would start breaking and splitting. I hated it! My mother is a balding 40 year old and the lights shine on my grandmothers exposed scalp! Now, knowing that I had these genetics, I did a stupid thing and allowed a friend to put a perm in my hair. She left it on too long (almost double the amount of time!) and about 2 weeks later, my hair was falling out so fast that it was clogging the drain DAILY! I was horrified. Not only had my genetics screwed me, the perm made my hair fall out AND I was in the sun constantly so my hair took the brunt of the damage.Fast forward to Christmas last year. I was so excited to show off my new curly perm that had finally laid down. Everyone was nice and no one mentioned what was painfully obvious in the pictures I viewed afterwards. A HUGE, UGLY BALD SPOT extending throughout the ring of my crown area. I was so embarassed that I resorted to constantly pulling my hair into a ponytail. WHen the hair on the side of my head started thinning, I thought there was no hope left.Many thanks to Chrystal!Chrystal, a close friend and cancer survivor had the most beautiful luxourious hair even though two years ago she went through chemo and lost it all. I decided to ask her what I should do and she told me about Nioxin!The first thing I noticed was the price tag. Kind of expensive but I figured I would try it at least once and if it didn't work then I wouldn't buy any more.Upon opening the bottle, I enjoyed the peppermint smell and then came the washing! My head suddenly felt... alive! Cool and tingly, unlike anything I had ever noticed before! The conditioner was thick and rich and increased the tingles!After towel drying my hair, I used the leave in spray and again, I was amazed at the cool, refreshing tingle.Once my hair was completely dry, I definitely noticed a difference! My hair felt thicker, stronger and after a week of use, LONGER!Now, it's been 2 months and I use the shampoo and conditioner (and leave in spray) every time I shower. When I comb my hair out immediately after my shower, I never see more than one strand in the brush and my hair feels thick and full and the best part? NO MORE BALD SPOT!!!I love this product and if I could, I would hug the inventor!!"
"I carry these in my purse. As I wrote in another review, I found this brand while looking up another and now I'm a fan. It's so durable even through several washes. They have not shed in the last month or so I've been using them and always go back to it's original texture after every wash.I'm really glad I found this brand, I won't have to use another and their extremely affordable, so I won't have a nervous breakdown if I lost one."
"I was reluctant to use any SPF lower than 50 because I burn so easily.  I was also reluctant because this had moisturizer added which I thought would take away from it's job of blocking the sun.  Wrong on both accounts.  Outdoor activities are a big part of my life and I apply it regularly, even the sweat of a pick of game of tennis or a jog through the park haven't taken the sunscreen off.  The odor, while a little on the strong side, is quite pleasant and reminds me of being at the beach.  Overall I am very happy with it.  I don't feel that I have to apply a ton of it and I feel it maintains it's hold on my skin without feeling like a mask or an extra layer of skin.  Most importantly I have yet to get a sunburn while it's been on.  Perfect for beach time or an afternoon stroll."
"I consider myself a beauty junkie and could open my own beauty store, this exfoliator is by far the best I have used. I was using Ole Henderikson Walnut Scrub but this scrub is my new go to product. The body scrub is wonderful as well. As all the other reviewers wrote the smell is heavenly and the product lasts a while. I am on my thrid jar and can't see even trying anything new. I just ordered the toner and day cream. I HIGHLY recommend this product."
"I first used this with the Lemongrass Shampoo which used together gave me an itchy scalp and a perfumey smell, plus buildup.  So then I tried using the conditioner with a different brand shampoo which made this conditioner smell better.  With the different shampoo the conditioner did a fair job of conditioning, no itch or buildup and it wasn't bad.  Left my hair feeling normal."
easy to rub on the eyes doesnt tug much creases a little but if buy again they blend alright. dont depot them with heat though the consistency changes
"I am ordering this now after receiving a sample from Nordstrom in some makeup that I ordered.  I typically would not be interested in such a product as I normally use only conditioners.  At 53 I finally had to break down and get color put in my hair because I got tired of plucking the gray ones out!  I noticed that my hair did not feel as luxurious as it did before I had color put in.  After using Phytocitrus my hair felt even better than before I had color applied.  I LOVE THIS STUFF!!  My hair feels clean, SHINY, and packed with body without any residue feeling.  In fact it's super shiny!!  I just put a quarter size amount to my hair after shampooing, and leave it in for 5 minutes. (while I finish my shower routine)In my opinion Phytocitrus works like magic!!"
I use this after my home peels and it does as described and I am very satisfied with the product.
This product is well worth the price!! It works AMAZINGLY  leaving your hair soft and it  smells great.  My boyfriend cant stop touching and smelling my hair . LOVE LOVE LOVE it
"Has a very clean scent.  Lasts reasonably long.  Good for all occasions and would not be likely to offend anyone.  A solid scent to go along with my mainstays of Chrome, Chrome Legend, Touch."
"This Philosophy Clear Days Ahead Trial Kit is good to try out the product without spending too much.I like the Overnight Repair Salicylic Acid Acne Treatment Pads, its thin and soft, it's not abrasive. My skin feels softer in the morning and the redness disappeared.The Oil-Free Salicylic Acid Acne Treatment & Moisturizer was ok, it was too light so I'm having to reapply.The Oil-Free Salicylic Acid Acne Treatment Cleanser I use in the morning and at night.The Fast-Acting Salicylic Acid Acne Spot Treatment was good to have but I didn't have much use for it.Overall the whole kit was useful and convenient for travel use. I will probably order the cleanser in full size."
"I have thick and coarse hair, so I have always spent well over $150 for top of the line flat irons. I am comparing this iron to brand names such as FHI, Sedu and Chi. I can honestly say this flat iron is amazing for such a low price. Besides the pretty baby blue color, it heats up quickly, reaches a high temperature of 430 degrees, nice long flexible cord and a locking handle feature is great for closing the iron shut and storing.I did not notice any residue or unusual/foul odor from the avocado oil or conditioning formula. With continued use I will be able to tell if it does help protect against damage and breakage. I did definitely notice a difference in shine after one use.It does have a locking feature for the temperature (press and hold ""-"" button) but it does easily become unlocked since you press the same button to unlock it. This is not my first flat iron with LCD display and I have had the same issues with that one as well. Movement of my hands and fingers always unlocks the set temperature.I give it four stars since the plates do not close/touch tightly and the square plate edges. All of my flat irons have rounded edges so it hair glides off without making any indentations.The Remington S9950 Shine Therapy Straightener carries a four year limited warranty. It also has an automatic shut off feature if left on for an hour.This is a great flat and also makes a perfect gift."
Produces where great. Bought more then one and price was not bad. Love it. I recommend this product. A+ excellent buy.
"My ultimate goal is soft glowing skin. For a long while I used Aveeno Body Wash, because it did make my skin feel soft. Alas, it's just too expensive and I figured there was a another body wash for a more decent price that could do the same thing. I recently tried Touch of Happiness. My skin is very well moisturized and the body wash does lather without a pouf (though I still use a pouf). It is probably the most moisturizing body wash I've tried. My skin retains moisture long into the day and it still remains soft. I definitely recommend it."
I wish I could give this 10-stars.  Wow - love this unit.  I had a VERY expensive unit (not this brand) that failed after a year.  It was under warranty so I was sent another.  That one lasted about 2 years.  At $300.00 I was very angry as it is used gently.  the company did not answer my inquiries about some type of replacement even at partial cost.This unit is actually quieter and dries as fast as the $300.00 unit.  I have had other BaByliss items and so far I have liked the quality on all of them.
This is a quality hairbrush at a reasonable price.  It works well on my medium thick hair.  Highly recommend this.
"Love it.  Unlike most of the microfiber that you see today, this looks more like a suede than a typical towel. It comes with a little sturdy pouch.- Super absorbent- Small and portable, great for travel- Well made, quality and amazing detail- Very light- Not as bulky as a regular towel so it takes up very little space in the washer- Dries much quickly than a terry- Price is a bit steep"
"I have discovered argan oil several years ago, and have been using it ever since both as skin and hair moisturizer... either as a stand alone, or better yet, combined with raw unprocessed shea butter.Shea butter (the raw, unprocessed kind) by itself is just a bit too hard to dissolve in hands, so I melt some shea butter in a bowl (for that I do not use microwave, I prefer placing the bowl in the pot of hot water).Then I add argan oil (sometimes also raw organic coconut and/or avocado oil) and a hint of organic lavender oil to create the best natural skin and hair product I have experienced so far.It also makes a great and unique home made gift for any girlfriend on your list, and I have reaped success with a gift like that repeatedly.What I really like is that both product (argan oil and shea butter) add a lot of moisture and shine to your skin or your hair without ever making it look greasy and/or feel sticky and oily.Also, I have used this particular brand of the oil and find it of a very good quality.Highly recommended!!"
"So I have eczema, really bad eczema. I've tried dozens of topical creams from the dermatologist which help, but they always tell me I have to find a good body lotion to use in conjunction with the medicine.And I searched, and searched for something perfect. I've tried Lubriderm, Aveeno, Neutrogena, Nivea, BBW, Cetaphil and everything in between, until finally one of my friends told me to give Eucerin a try.It's a little bit on the pricy side for OTC lotions, but trust me, it works like magic. When you first apply it it feels a little bit oily and heavy, but your skin will absorb it quickly and in about 20-30 minutes it feels normal again. This rich formula helps SO MUCH with my eczema and all the itching, and I don't have to keep reapplying it throughout the day. Just a little in the morning and a lather after my shower is all I need a day. I also love that it is fragrance free, since fragrance irritates my eczema. I often found fragrances in Aveeno and Lubriderm, which I disliked a lot. I will never stop using this product!"
I love this eyeliner combo. It works so well and really makes your eyes pop with the highlighter. Love it!
"This Headliner HD blush is a high quality cosmetic. First of all, the color density is wonderful. It is so totally concentrated that you will take quite some time to finish the little bottle in comes in. I also got double use of it, because it makes a fabulous lip stain. The color stayed on my lips through most of the day. It might take a bit of practice to make this work for you. I strongly recommend putting a tiny dot of it on the back of your hand and working from that. If you find that you have put on too much, you only need to add a tiny bit of foundation to blend the color.The Headliner shade looked great with my natural coloring, giving the appearance of a natural and healthy blush. This is an excellent product at a bargain price -- so worth a try!"
Several tools for all needs great case to keep them all separated and easy to pick from. Fit well in my drill
This is just what I needed and it works great. I have a few liquid things I can put in it and it does the job!
"These are great nail brushes for the beginner nail artist. I just use them for fun, and only occasionally, so I don't know how durable they are. But they have done well so far with the things I have done, and I love that there is a variety so I can try new designs out!"
"Since I bought this, everyone comments on how great my skin looks, which has not happened in a long time.  The glow is very subtle.  I love this and will buy again."
The cream is thick so it makes me feel like I am getting a lot of moisture. It smells good too. Haven't noticed a difference but it does make my face feel smoother.
I love this palette so much. It removes all the clutter that comes with MAC packaging and allows me to actually see my products!
"I gotta say, I'm pretty impressed. I found after having my kids that my hair had lost a lot of moisture and I now have a strong wave/curl. It's also very coarse. I've tried the smoothing products, and they work to a certain degree. After applying product and drying, I used this. Like a flat iron, it smoothed/straightened my hair. It did last all day, even in rain. It didn't burn the hair, and I didn't see residue from the product building on the heat mechanism. The iron is very lightweight and easy to manipulate. Doesn't take up a ton of room for travel either. Recommended."
"Purchased the Tough Love for my 8 year old daughter, and I purchasedthe sassy strips cap for myself.  The tough love cap is huge!  Luckily my daughter has a large head and much hair.  The sassy stripes worked better for me as it is a tighter fit.  I think that these would make great gifts too!"
"UPDATE:  I love this brush now!  I use it EVERYDAY to apply cream blush. I am still concerned about the quality but it works the best for stippling and blending cream blush.Perfectly good stippling brush.  My problem with Real Techniques is the quality.  The names of the brushes are just printed on the side.  For the same price (maybe a couple dollars difference) you can buy Sigma brushes which are better quality.  However, this brush is perfectly fine and I haven't had any problems with it.The brush is a stand alone brush.  Which means you can stand it on your counter or vanity which is a nice feature.  But I like to keep all my brushes in a little container with sand.  This stand alone base to the brush is a little cumbersome when storing it the way that I do.The bristles are very soft.  It is easy to use.  And very easy to clean."
"I seem to have this problem with dry skin, but ever since I got this great Simple Smoothing Facial scrub, I've had no issues. This 2 pack allows me to keep my face clear of pore clogging materials and sluff off the old skin, it always feels smooth right after I use it."
"This is one of my favorite eyeliners. You have to shake it a bit between applications, but it goes on smoothly, and for me, it stays on throughout the day without smearing to the upper lid. At night, when I wash my face, it comes off without having to use a makeup remover. For me, this is the perfect eyeliner."
So far no shredding and it is super soft. Good little finishing powder brush at a great price. Very happy!
"I got this product and gave it to my mother to try over the past few weeks as she has a few wrinkles she would like to erase and very dark circles under her eyes and puffiness due to lack of sleep, stress, and life itself. She first started using it and while she didn't get results the first night after about three days of using it she and myself started to notice a real difference it was making in the color around her eye and the puffiness was almost completely gone. She has since continued using it, going on three weeks now, and the dark circles are lighter now around her eyes, the wrinkles have been reduced, and the puffiness around her eyes had gone. She is a hard to please woman when it comes to beauty products because she tries anything and everything she can get her hands on and this is one product that she is loving. It actually does what it says and she is very happy with the product. I would say that this product is a winner.Disclosure Notice: I received this product for free in exchange for my personal and honest review. I did not receive any monetary compensation for this review and all thoughts and opinions expressed are my own."
"This product is not painful and if it is, your applying to much pressure. I do love the fact that it is helping to bring the collagen back to my skin. Also, it comes in a sterile wrapper so you know it wasn't opened before using."
"These colors are my favorite colors that SHANY offers. I don't have to put so many layers on, it just works. The mirror it comes with is nice because I'm always on the go so I don't have to run to the bathroom to apply it. Very functional!"
Great Product. I have used many more on the past and none of them like this one. I love how quickly my hair gets dry ( I have very thick and naturally curly hair). Great product for the price!
This wig was a lot of fun to wear and I had a lot of fun wearing it.  I got lots of compliments on the wig.  I really will order this wig again in the future.  Very sexy
I have used this product for three years.  I really like it.  It exfoliates and cleanse my skin.  I used it twice a week and it leaves my skin feeling great.
So easy to use and transfers great! Nice nail design size. Great tool to have at your home nail salon.
This color is just GORGEOUS!!! I always think I have too many blues then I stuble across colors like this that are like nothing I own. The only problem I have with Essie polishes is that the formula is NEVER consitant like my other polishes. Unsure why that is but it wouldn't be a bad idea to have some nail polisher thinner on hand because Essie polishes due tend to get clumpy which makes for a very frustrating time painting your nails!
"This is a great product, wish I would have found it years ago! I color my dishwater colored hair dark so my brows don't match. This solves that problem."
Love this color. And look very good. On my hand and my feet. I'll buy some more if this one gone
I am in love with this bb cream!I purchased this on Sep. 2012 and I have been using this bb cream about almost two months and here are my honest review.Please enjoy!- Cute bottle- color #2 and only come with one size which is 40ml- Little goes long way- Water based- Can use as make up base- No gray or white cast- Yellow undertone- Matte finish- Great for NC 15~25 ( If you are NC 30 up you can use this bb cream as make up base)- Wont dry up the skin- SPF 20!- Light to medium coverage- 4~6 hours without oily-shine on face- won't clog the pores- I feel my skin can breath!And OMG I really love love it!
Seller shipment came before expected. Product packaged well and works like a charm and I really like the fact that it's all natural. I bought it for the purpose of using it as a hair gel.
This a great product very sturdy and very elegant for a nail room.  Have had lots of coments on it and wanting to know where I got it.... thanks so much.... would recommend to anyone.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT. IT WORKS WONDERS. THE BEST MOISTURIZER OUT THERE IN MY OPINION. SOOTHES MY REDNESS WELL AND GIVES GOOD MOISTURE. ISN'T GREASY AT ALL WHICH IS GREAT FOR MY OILY SKIN.
I have been using it for about a month now and I will say I love it.... I have combo skin.... And I am 38...never thought I would put oil on my face... But I actually look forward to it! It does make my skin look nice.... And its has seemed to cut any breakouts down to nothing.  Very impressive I will repurchase.
This is a great mirror looks great on the vanity bought the oil bronzed and its perfect for my bedroom. Perfect size for me!
"Let me start off by saying this is a beautiful palette! every women that love using eyeshadow should own this palette or even something similar. I love these eyeshadows because they are so natural and can be used almost everyday to give a subtle but sexy look. it creates great smoky eyes and toned down looks for work or even a simple run to the grocery store. I must say though, that these colors will only look nice & noticible if you know how to blend and mix colors.The colors are very light so primer or a base is the best way to go when using even if your skin tone is dark or light. Some of the colors need to be packed on but I recommend for the best look; give time, patience and technique when using this.My only REAL problem with this 28 Neutral Palette is that these ""colors are not labeled""! That was annoying to me because I didn't know what was what except for the obvious. It would be really great if the Co.  would put the colors on the back of the packaging and label them with names, kind of like how you get a box of chocolate and it tells you what filing is inside each. Otherwise, this 28 Neutral palette is worth the price, it came very quickly and even better it was packaged carefully so not one shadow was disturbed ;). Go for it!"
"This is a great hairdryer at a great price.  Our family has tested it, and everyone agrees - it dries fast, is comfortable to hold.  It's substantial but not incredibly heavy, and has all the basic features (ceramic heating elements, ionic drying, multiple settings) that we take for granted.Especially given the current, I think it's great.  If you're looking for the lightest hair dryer you can get, this isn't it, but otherwise, it's a great, affordable dryer."
This perm gives professional results without the damage the in store products give...if you want less burned ends and healthier feeling hair it may not be as great as a salon perm but it is far superior to the box brands in the big chain stores.
I used this on my temples when hair began to thin.  All came back after a few weeks of daily message in places that were thinning
"I was a bit worried purchasing this product, as it had mixed reviews. But I really like it! They must have fixed the packaging because mine didn't seem half empty like others mentioned. I was impressed that this sunscreen didn't leave a white cast on my face. I'm biracial with tan skin and this rubbed in clear! It's very lightweight and not greasy. I haven't worn under my make-up because my make-up has SPF already. But I'm sure it would work great. It does have a pretty gross smell. However, after a few minutes you don't smell it. It's not bad enough to make me gag or anything. If they added fragrance it wouldn't be as natural I guess... Great purchase!"
I have multiple packages of these bands and wondered just how I would use them all for my personal use. I of course use them formy natural nails and have recently started to use them to exfoliate my heels. They leave your feet feeling absolutely like baby skin.A great buy for a much needed product.
"Smell good, but doesn't amazed me. I really has to get used to the smelling"
"Let me start off by saying that this lipstick lasts FOREVER! It's pigmented, and you can layer it to get different shades of red so you get more shades out of one tube!When I put it on, I just smear it on and it makes my lips look crisp and like there perfectly lined without using a lip liner!!I'm able to eat and drink (even out of a white coffee mug!) without leaving anything behind, smudging, or fading! I'm getting this in every shade possible! Amazing deal for such an amazing lipstick!Also, I'm pale skinned, have freckles, and am cool tones and the shade I have, Amsterdam, looks amazing! I will update this part as I get more colors so I'm able to share if it looks good with pale, cool toned skin. :)"
"Today I'm in a mood to review as much products as i can from amazon (it could be the earthing mat im sitting on) hehe.Anyways these exfoliating gloves are amazing! i love them!! how come i never got one before i dont know? It makes showering more joyful easy and fast. I have been using loofahs for quite some time (started this year) but never really enjoyed them 'cause they would sometimes slip off my hands. I have tried different loofahs from small round ones to the ones with the stick and recently the one you use as a mitten. Never felt comfortable, it was either too wide long and uncomfortable or too heavy with the absorption of the water. The gloves are just right they dont slip off my hands and im able to move better and grab things on that tiny NY bathroom!Oh and it scrubs really well, i actually dont have to put any pressure to get a really nice good scrubbing."
"this is my all time favorite facial cleanser. it cleans and moisturizes at the same time, I hardly ever have to use moisturizer. this is great for aging skin."
I do lots of masks and use this one spayingly as it is quite drying. Its lots of fun though. The OLIVE Oil is the BEST Mask Ever for dry skin! I use this then wash well then use olive oil mask by queen helene and face looks awesome. Nice and plump and soft!
These eggs are so precious! I love the way they are packaged and smell! I have been using it for a week and i do notice most of my blackheads are becoming dried out and coming out so that is pretty cool. It is a nice face wash for acne prone skin so i definitely recommend!
"This scrub leaves my skin very smooth.  Don't LOVE the smell - reminds me a bit of petrochemicals, tho' I don't believe that's actually what I'm smelling!"
"works for my hair. The color doesn't last longer and now Subscribe and saves not carrying it any more, :("
"I was interested to review this product, since I use L'Oreal Revitalift skin regimen. Age Perfect is a wonderful cream that moisturizes your skin, helps reverse the visible process of aging AND protects your face from sun damage. It's creamy and smooth, not greasy and my skin never turned oily throughout the day. My face never got that &#34;sticky mask&#34; sensation that so many other moisturizers leave. I wore it under makeup and it looked great all day. Age Perfect Day Cream didn't affect the application of my cosmetics or turn them a different shade.My face felt less tight and the wrinkles and creases were noticeably lessened by the end of the week I used it. A little goes a long way with this cream, so apply sparingly. The jar is quite large, and will probably supply a consumer 2-3 months or more.May switch to Age Perfect products after my Revitalift is gone."
"I just received my ageless glow skin care creme.  It goes on smoothly and makes my skin feel soft. It absorbs very quickly.  I have sun spots on my face and even though I have products that lighten them, as soon as I get in the sun they return.  I have high expectations for this product to remedy that. I really love that it protects from further sun damage.  It is packaged in a nice bottle that dispenses just the right amount, locks for travel, and will not spill. It is medical grade and produced in an FDA approved facility. Has a 90 day money back guarantee. I gave 4 stars for the time being but am looking forward to upgrading to 5 stars."
I used just regular China Glaze nail polish on this plate.  The design came off the stamp beautifully ...once I got the hang of lining it up on my nail properly.  It can be a little messy though so have plenty of paper towels at your disposal when in use!  *Note this is just the plate I bought the stamp and scraper separately.  The plate is in mint condition too when it arrives ;)
These tiny pearls make brides' nails beautiful and feminine for their special day.  I couldn't be happier with them. LOVE
"My nails always crack at work, this helped my nails hold up picking up lots of heavy plane engine parts without ever cracking them.  So it worked for me."
"I am loving this stuff! I too am a user of the famed Japanese Skincare Revolution method and the lovely Chizu Saeki has not lead me wrong.First off, these sheets are undoubtedly cotton and are VERY absorbent. They make doing moisture masks a breeze, which by the way are FANTASTIC. They are not as big as I initially expected (they're a bit smaller than a credit card) BUT that does not mean woe is you! You can actually SPLIT these cotton sheets apart and tug them to make bigger and more accommodating to your face. I can now make a single cotton sheet into three cotton sheet.I use four sheets every session making my stash usable for 55.5 sessions.  Since I only do these moisture masks about 2 to 3 times a week, this is going to last me quite awhile and I'm definitely looking to repurchase when the time comes!"
"Packaging says 70 percent organic ingredients . . .I approve. Arrived promptly, and the three bottles were a decent size. I feel like I got good value for my dollar . . .well, their dollar now. I was mainly looking for a ph balanced shampoo and conditioner, which was cruelty free. It doesn't work as dramatically well as commercial products, but natural hair products never do, since they are not loaded with chemicals. However it does detangle, and to save money I just use it on the ends, as those tend to be the parts needing conditioned the most."
"This eye treatment goes on easily. A few gentle taps around the eye area applied to clean skin delivers a product that handles wrinkles and crevices, dark spots, and sagging skin. What I particularly liked about this product was that it was not oily or greasy and it was absorbed quickly into the skin.After using this for about a week, there was a noticeable difference and the area around the eye looked brighter and wider and generally a whole lot better.Given the price, I'd say this was a win/win product. I also had no irritation or allergic reaction which was another plus."
"I really liked the coverage this product was able to give. I gave it a 4 star only because I'm afraid of all the chemicals used in this product. I researched about it after buying the product. On EWG reviews, this product was a 6/10 (10 being super dangerous). I ended up buying a natural organic foundation recently. It makes me happy. But overall, if you don't mind the chemicals, this foundation is TRULEY the best drugstore foundation I've ever used. I chose the color simply by looking a reviews on YouTube and blogs, and it a tad lighter but I can still use it."
"These shavers work very well, especially for contours, because they have a great range of motion. The gel sometimes seems a bit too slimy, but if you're a man using these on your face, you might appreciate that additional slickness.After a few uses I dropped one of these razors in the shower and the head popped off. I was irritated, because I thought it was broken. But once I got out of the shower I found that it was really easy to put back together.If you want to spend the money for premium disposables, I can definitely recommend these razors. I'm not sure if five blades are really necessary, but they do give a nice smooth shave and are comfortable in the hand."
"It works great to smooth out my dry and damaged hair, especially the ends. It can also be used as a hair styler. And a tiny tiny drop works well for every use."
"I recently was medically retired from the military. As part of my transition to the civilian world, I have decided to grow out my hair because, in my mind, I believe I will one day look as stylish and sexy as Leonardo Decaprio. I am finding, though, that to achieve that look there is a lot involved including blow drying your hair. Not just for style but functionality as walking around all morning with wet hair is not fun.This ceramic hair dryer is amazing. It folds up saving space which is great since I am an organized O.C.D. son of a gun after so many years in the military. To add to the storage technique the cord conveniently retracts back into the main body of the blow dryer.This means that I can use the hair dryer both at the home and on the road as I do travel quite  a bit and find the hair dryers that come free in many hotel rooms leaving a lot to be desired.For its size, this hair dryer is also very powerful. I was surprised at both the amount of air it is able to blow as well as how hot it is capable of getting. It comes with a ""cool"" blast button which circulates regular room air. I use this setting when blowing hair off my neck after shaving it or after cutting my children's hair.Probably one of the biggest selling points, since I am a man, is the stylish grey/silver/black colors that feel ""manly"" in my hand versus the lime green and hot pink blow dryer my wife tried to get me to use the other morning.Overall, a very attractive and functional hair dryer that also has durability on its side. A great investment."
"I like the feel and smell of this rose water.  I used it to wet Frownies, but now just use the bottle for water.  It isn't necessary to use, but does feel and smell nice for extra pampering."
I like the fact that this mirror has a light on the edges and reverses for a close up view. It is attractive on my dressing room table.
AMAZING!!! I love these brushes. I go to cosmetology school and I have gotten so many compliments. everyone loves them and think they are super cute.the case it comes in is so handy as well. great product
"This is yet another great natural shampoo I have used because I don't like any of those my stylist tries to get me to buy and are loaded with SLS, parabens and who knows what else(?)  I like Argan oil and use it as a prewash conditioner for scalp/hair.  The shampoo has a pleasant smell and cleans to my satisfaction."
I bought this because the little junky brush you get with the store bought hair dye is like using a toothbrush and takes double the time to apply. I love that this kit comes with the mixing bowl (I've been using the little small plastic flimsy cup that came with the hair dye). It also comes with 3 different brushes that have different widths. My only one complaint is that the middle size seems to be very flimsy and bends easily but the others work great.It also comes in a nice clear zipper bag so everything stays together and you won't have to search for lost brushes when you need to use them.
"I truly love this product.in fact I have my husband using it now after seeing the great results on my own hair.filling in bald patches nicely strengthens the hair there now and have new hair sprouting everywhere from hairline ,part and even eyebrows.this stuff is nothing if not amazing and the price is completely affordable for any budget.I have and will use this product and company again!!it truly works ."
"fantastic product! It is exactly what i was looking for. I like oils, i dont use cream anymore as i consider oils more natural, however it is difficult to use them as it takes time until they get absorbed in the skin,"
Beautiful creamy pencil.  Largely use for a base but can be used on their own.  Milk is great for your water line making your eye look larger.
I got this for my niece and she was thrilled to get it.  It came in good shape and with Prime shipping and she loves the nail polish so far.
"AHHHH!Let the heavens PART! These Patches R the BEST along with the other collagen gel ones I mention and reviewed called Smoothies,these stick on wont come off till you peel back AND can use over nite!I had a scar for years on my face and these skin tabs peels left on for a week 2x a day over nite too has lifted the indented scar to where it can be covered fully by makeup! Beofre the indentation was too DEEP!SO for wrinkles you can imagine what my results are im  truly shocked. I use them on deeper forhead lines I typically do Botox for and use every nigh over night and wait 30 min after appmy AHA glycolic cream , then put a stip  of these on my head and eye corners and next day there are no visble wrinkles.Just if you smile as normal. There doesnt seem to be a lasting day long effect but if you use some of the products out there that Freeze the skin for the day than teh combo of these strips and those lotions would be great .I love these just on their own ! thanks"
"I bought this shampoo for my sister and she is very pleased with it. Her hair looks now healthy and shiny. It is rich with Vitamin E as well, a very important ingredient. Best in its category on the market!"
"I like this eye shadow, but don't be fooled. It's not a Mac/Urban Decay replacement. It's a nice color, great to use as a base. It's not quite as pigmented as the shadows in my Naked pallette, so I need to use more of this to get it to show up. It stays on relatively well, even better with a primer (I use Urban Decay's eyeshadow primer potion). I bought this because I heard it was a dupe for the &#34;Bootycall&#34; color from the Naked 2 pallette... but alas it is not. This one is lighter and is not as shimmery as Bootycall. Overall, it's a great value for the price and you won't regret it."
"While I don't have thinning hair (yet), I do have rather fine hair so I wanted to see if this product would just give me the appearance of fuller hair.  Much to my surprise, it does just that.  I mainly use it on the front part of my hairline just above the forehead to cover my scalp just above my bangs.  Once I have my hair styled and sprayed in place, I tilt my head back a little and lightly tap the container so that the fine particles land precisely where I want.  Then I spray with a little more hairspray and that's it.  It never moves out of place or flakes off onto my forehead/face.  I will definitely order this product again!!!  (I did purchase this product directly from the manufacturer but wanted to post a review on Amazon so others who also shop Amazon.com would know about my good experience)."
"I have had dark circles since I was young due to allergies and blockages in my nose. I have tried everything! This is the ONE cream that works. It's amazing. I look totally different when I wake up now. It doesn't completely diminish the darkness, but I'm sure with continued use it will. It works so well already I am in love! Plus it's all natural which is an even bigger perk. Definitely a must-have!!!"
I love this stuff!! It gives me the perfect winged look for the corner of my eyes. It lasts and doesn't smudge like other eye liners I have encountered. I just purchased another one for the future because I love it that much.
"These rollers curled hair just like the curlformers at Sally's. These were inexpensive. All of the rollers were fine, I did not find anything wrong with any of them. I read a previous review. I would definitely recommend them if you want to save money and get SAME results."
"I suppose &#34;witch hazel&#34; is &#34;witch hazel&#34;, but his one has a very pleasant aroma.  I love the way it gently removes residual traces of residue (soap, etc.) and leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth."
"I was using shea moisture products for a while (which I really liked) but they stopped selling them in my local store. When I looked online for them they were far more expensive than what I used to pay for them so I decided to give this cowash a try. I had heard really good things about this product and now having tried it for myself I can say they are all true. I have like 3b curly hair and my hair tends to get so dry or the curls will look awful when I do not use stuff that works for my hair but this product definitely does. It leaves my hair super soft with extremely defined curls. I would have to say I even like this product better than my shea products and it smells fantastic. I literally could eat it with how it smells! You also do not need a lot of this product for it to go along way which is great as well! I would highly recommend this for anyone who is considering transitioning out of shampoo, with curly hair, or both."
I'm not a pink person but I really like this shade. It has more of a shimmer to it. Its a nice shade that doesn't show a lot of chips.  Good for painting your nails in a hurry.
I had really high hopes for this brush when I purchased it but ive been trying it out and it looks like a regular 1 dollar rat tail comb works way better then this but it does work grait for smoothing out the hair so ive just been using it on my daughters hair !
So this is my third review on a similar product from this seller. I am excited to leave feedback on each one. Along with these I bought the star and square shapes. I love them all! They are not too big and not too small. Just make sure you use a tweezer to put them on easily without messing up your polish.
"I love all Camille Beckman products, the glycerine hand therapy is fantastic. However after purchasing this scent (in a HUGE tub) I realized the Tuscan Honey scent is pretty awful! If your hands are extremely dry I recommend this product in any other scent"
"I've been a fan of Real Technique brushes for a while now, and decided didn't hesitate in purchasing this Shading Bush. WOW - I wasn't disappointed. This brush is amazing quality and is so soft! It applies my eyeshadow so effortlessly, and I tend to use this more to soften the edges of my eyeshadow to give a more seamless look. It's very easy to clean and maintains it's shape which has been a real problem for me with other brushes purchased in the past. This brush dries quickly too - I leave this to air dry and it's good to use again within 1-2 hours. Excellent buy - I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this brush to others and the complete Real Techniques range."
Works great for French tips! super white! works great doesn't chip either. lasts longer than white plastic tips or wraps
"Due to heredity, age (I'm 49) and some illness, I have perpetual dark circles and bags under my eyes that make me look tired and older than I am! So I'm always on the hunt for a concealer that will work for me. After trying expensive brands, Dermablend, CM Beauty, and also drugstore brands, they either didn't cover, caked into fine lines, were the wrong shade, or a combo of all these things. However I think I may have found my savior in Coastal Palettes concealer palette, thank God!!It's in an array of natural shades that can be mixed and matched, is creamy and super-blendable, and dang, it totally covers my undereye circles!! I was so pleased especially after being disappointed SO many times~~ thank you, Coastal Scents! I recommend~ and will definitely be buying this again! I look fresh and bright eyed once again...and thanks to Amazon who always has what I need."
This is by far the face sunscreen I have ever used.  It is light weight and goes on evenly.  I use it as my daily moisturizer with a light dusting of loose mineral powder.
"It's so affordable, compared to the other stuff I was buying.  I can only use it once every week or two max, because it is very drying, but if I have an occasional blemish I throw this on and it's gone the next day and my skin looks nicer.  I'm on my 4th purchase of this and am no longer seeking another effective mask."
I love the texture and smell of it. Reminds me of a spa smell!!!  I love the stuff all around.  I will reorder!I took 3 drops and mixed it with rosehip oil and started at the neck going up.I like the way it feels.
"The smell, I cannot get over but it does condition my hair well. I use a regular conditioner afterwards. I like the ya it coats my hair. I should use it more but I have twists is I've only had the chance to use it twice."
"This serum really does benefit and lessen the effects of aging hair.It does add shine, body, color vibrancy and helps reduce split ends and breakage.Everyone loves nice looking hair and it does give you improvement.The elixir is a creamy white with a pleasant faint fragrance. It's easy to apply with the dropper and three drops  daily will last you a good while.Nexxus products guarantee your satisfaction or your money back, so that is a plus in that if you don't find it's helped you, you will be reimbursed. I say ""try it."""
"It's the only thing I've tried that stops the itching and reduces/stops the overgrowth of skin cells. I shed my plaques quickly and painlessly. Has a bit of a smell, but I just shampoo twice - once with the Psoriatrax and again with something else I like that smells good. Smell really isn't that big of a deal."
"I was hoping for a stronger mint fragrance and ""tingly"" feeling on my scalp after using this shampoo. It has a hint of faint mint and maybe tea tree, but really not much fragrance at all.  We have dandruff on and off during the year so I am hoping that this shampoo will solve the problem.  So far it seems to be working. It seems to have good cleaning ability, maybe a little bit too good since it leaves my hair a little dry. I've gotten around that by leaving my conditioner on a little longer, 2 minutes or so, and that seems to help.  It does do a good job of getting my hair clean.  We'll have to see after a couple months what the long term effects of using it are, but so far we like it."
I love this product! It is so light and feels so refreshing. It's not thick and absorbs completely leaving my skin soft and surprisingly moisturized without a greasy feel.
I love this razor!  I love that the shaving cream is on the razor.  Not other cream is needed.  The blade is sharp and doesn't leave nicks!  The lotion leaves your skin feeling nice and smooth.The only thing I have to say negative is the cream strip doesn't last as long as the blade!  Taking it out of the shower to cut down on exposure to the moisture seems to help!
"I have very, VERY breakout-prone skin, and this serum has yet to cause any problems for me. It's smooth and light, and I feel like my skin has looked smoother since I've started using it. I don't think it's made much of a difference for any marks or blemishes on my skin, but the texture of my skin looks better now. With the warmer weather, I've been using it alone (without any other moisturizer) at night and it's doing a great job on its own of keeping my skin moist."
I just started using the Argan oil but it has helped condition my dry cuticles.  I think it is worth the price but I have not shopped around to see if I can get it for less.
I use this product in my office for skin marking and it does a great job.  I cannot think of anything that works better....
"I recently began using a vitamin C serum for my skin after doing some research on some of the most effective over-the-counter facial applications for wrinkles and dark spots. While researching, I found several people say that they used a facial derma roller prior to their application of the vitamin C serum. The facial derma roller is handled roller that contains tiny needles that you roll across your face and it slightly pricks the surface of your face, allowing a greater amount of whatever you apply like the vitamin C serum to be absorbed at a greater rate. The pricking of your skin is also suppose to encourage new collagen growth since your skin must repair itself.I was a little hesitate to use but was very curious about such products. While I was in the midst of my research, I was contacted to try out a derma roller for a honest and fair review. I accepted quite happily since I was in the market for one already.I watched a few videos on individuals using derma rollers. Some were quite scary since they used a much longer needle. I was given the .5mm needle and that is a great size to try at home or while first starting.I have to say that it was not an unpleasant experience at all. It didn't hurt whatsoever and actually feels kind of nice to my face, like a facial massage. The derma roller works very well and is easy to maneuver all over your face since it rotates and rolls because of the swivel design. You roll your face in a up and down direction, side to side and then diagonal direction. I was just careful to make sure that when I changed direction that I lifted the roller so that I wouldn't scratch my face. You want the pricking of the skin, don't drag it across and scratch your skin.It works excellent and really did seem to improve the absorption of the vitamin C because I felt more sting on the days that I used the roller beforehand."
"I get little breakouts occasionally and because I have sensitive skin, I can not use the typical acne cream or gel, which is usually Benzoyl Peroxide. Because THIS product is Salicylic Acid, I can use it without overdrying my already sensitive skin.I compared this to the similarClearasil  Ultra 4 Hour Treatment (Tube) Gel 1 Ounce.and another brand's version of the 2% Sal. Acid gels, but got more for my money with this Clean & Clear gel.This literally does shrink my pimples to a QUARTER of their original size within a couple of applications. I tried the Rapid 4 hour treatment Clearasil and another brand offered, but there was no difference in its performance and this gel, which claims to take 8 hours. *****Realistically, it will take acne a few days to heal with any treatment***** so the best bet is to keep skin clean and treated, but not too dry.I have this handy gel in my makeup bag as my primary acne-fighting weapon. The thing I found with this is it can be put on OVER moisturizer and makeup, but can also be worn under makeup.My younger cousin who is in Grade 9 secondary school also uses this product and it works for her everyday acne. I would definitely recommend this product to my fellow 20+ year old female acne sufferers."
"My mother recommended Olay moisturizer to me when I was just a teenager, and I have been using their products ever since. I currently use Olay Complete Defense Daily UV Moisturizer SPF 30 2.5 fl oz (75 ml), so I jumped at the chance to review a new product by Olay.Not only did this kit meet my high expectations, but each product exceeded them! I am usually very skeptical about anything ""regenerative"" --and I still am to an extent-- but my face definitely looked and felt healthier after using all three items.The only thing that stood out about the cleanser is that my face didn't feel dried out, and it didn't leave beind any residue. However, the moisturizer felt fabulous. It honestly felt like liquid silk on my face, and it didn't leave my hands feeling sticky or greasy. It's possible it was just my imagination, but my make-up seemed to go on more smoothly afterwards too.I didn't think I needed eye serum, but I tried it anyway, since it was part of the kit. I have a serious problem with insomnia, so my eyes look tired quite often. The serum seemed to tighten them up, so I looked like I had some sleep for once. Again, it could have been wishful thinking...but if I am happy with a product, I don't care if the results are actual or psychological.My main reason for pampering my skin, and especially my face is that both of my parents have had skin cancer...which brings up the only negative I have to say about this kit: I wish the moisturizer had SPF 15 in it -- but, my makeup has SPF 15, so I still have some protection (plus sunblock). I will probably use the regenerative moisturizer at bedtime, and use the Olay SPF 15 stuff during the day."
"This is a great product that leaves hair soft and smooth, and coats the hair just enough to add a bit of body.  And buy it here -- its much cheaper than at the local brick-and-mortar store."
"This isn't marketed as a post-shave product for men, so allow me to do that in this review. I put a dime-sized amount of Nivea Soft on my face immediately after shaving in the morning, and it keeps my face moisturized all day. This creme is light and not greasy at all. The one application I do in the morning lasts a good 24 hours. It also doesn't leave my face with a ""shine"" like the moisturizer options from Gillette do.The scent is light and gender-neutral, so it usually wears off within 20-30 minutes and doesn't interfere with cologne or other fragrances. Well done!"
"This is by far my favorite hair product! It adds volume and life to thin, dull hair. Also, it doesn't have a stiff feeling which I love! A little goes a long way so you have to be careful to not over do it."
"I have damaged, dry ends and with this cream, I can blow out my hair to be nicely straight all day. It also gives some hydration. I would not call it 10-in-1, but it definitely provides some moisture and hold."
"Vidal sasson always has reliable products. these bobby pins are flexible enough to put in easy, and they come out with minimal pulling, yet they stay put! I will never buy another brand of bobby pin!"
"My grandmother is a big fan of Dove products so when I saw the Dove Bar Soap I had to give it a try.Not only does it smell great, but it does leave your skin feeling moisturized, definitely more so than regular soap. I also like the fact that the scent isn't too over-powering for guys. It's something that the entire family can use and because of the way it is sold there is enough in the pack for everyone to have their own bar.As a side-note I also noticed that it definitely last longer than most soap. This just makes it a win-win for me.As someone who has used other Dove products and enjoyed them, I can honestly say that their bar soap is something the whole family will enjoy."
"Both of my teenage daughters own this unit.  The results are quick and easy to achieve.  The glove makes holding the hair on the barrel simple to do and because you can smooth the hair directly on the barrel you don't end up with the awkward bent-ends of my curling iron days.  It takes a little practice to get it right and to figure out which way to wind the hair to get the waves/curls going in the right direction but once you've mastered it, you'll love the results.  Fabulous for everything from corkscrew curls to beachy waves."
"I've purchased this product in local stores but with a credit to my amazon.com account I went shopping, found this in a 25 ounce bottle at a very reasonable price. The product is a quality conditioner and I'm very happy with my purchase."
I've tried many and this one is my fav.  Works well at making my hair soft and easier to manage.
"This polish is amazing! I didn't use any base coat, and the color looks just like the picture! It looks better on toes, but I'm really happy with this!"
"I use Damage Repair conditioner because I suffer from terrible split ends. I've struggled to see the difference between many of the brands, most of which charge more for repair style conditioner. Clear Scalp was different from these.When I buy conditioner, I look out for two big things. Does it smell good and is it worth the money? The answer to both on these questions in the case of Clear Scalp is yes.This conditioner is only five dollars and comes in a pretty big container. It's a great value for your money. I plan on ordering more of this conditioner in the future."
It's the only brush I use for French manicures and I get compliments on how great my nails look all of the time.
This Shany eyeshadow kit is a good buy for everyone! It comes with so many beautiful colors for such a low price! If you guy this you won't be sorry.
"I've been using this approximately every other day for a week.  I only leave it on for 1-2 minutes.  One great thing about this item is that the acid neutralizes right away when cold water is applied, so the burning stops immediately.  I will continue using this!"
"This brush does a beautiful job of applying liquid foundation.  The bristles are soft and leave a lovely almost air brushed finish.  The only downside to using a brush such as this is the fact that it must be washed and it must be washed often.  You do not want bacteria brewing on something that touches your face!  I have had my brush for two months and wash it every other day or so using a gentle body wash and it is still in just as good of shape as it was when I purchased it.  I have not experienced any ""shedding"" and it holds its shape well and is still very soft against the skin.  It's a high quality brush and definitely worth a buy if you use a liquid foundation."
"I love Vitamin C for my face. This is the best thing ever! How easy can it be to apply some rich antioxidants onto your skin and fight those first signs of aging. It applies so quick, dries and you won't even feel you have it on. I love it and I feel like I am doings something really great to my skin. My skin tone looks more even and I love the fact that this enhances my skin protection. I will not ever go a day of my life without Vitamin C and sun protection! I am fighting those wrinkles and this product is the best start- plus it is organic! Awesome! Recommend this highly to everybody!"
"I don't even care what this brow liner costs, is goes on and stays on and is way better than getting a cheaper pencil you have to keep touching up."
"This is indeed a great little product to help keep your cosmetic brushes in good shape.  It is certainly necessary to use this when you wash your brushes.  I had a large kabuki brush that had spread out so wide that it didn't fit in my powder containers anymore.  After washing and drying it in the Brush Guard, it is now nice and compact again.  These are also great for traveling to protect your brush's shape."
I first heard about hyaluronic acid on the Drs tv show. It's said to be the fountain or youth and I am just making my way into my 30s so I'll try anything! I really like this stuff. It smells great too! I've been using it for about a week now and I already see a difference. I've always had large pores and I find that they are less noticeable already. It isn't greasy at all. It feels like silk! It's now a part of my daily face cleaning routine. I use it morning and night.
Good quality Almond Oil. Good service and item packaged well for protection against breakage. Wonderful carrier oil for Essential Oils. Recommend product very highly A+.
"This is the only conditioner that allows me to finger-comb my thick, curly hair when it's wet without producing more tangles! No comb necessary in the shower with this product because knots and tangles just slip right out. I don't feel like it leaves film on my hair after I've rinsed, as some conditioners do. The packaging isn't the best and in fact one of my bottles was leaking upon arrival but it's still an awesome product and I love the light grapefruit scent."
"If you're needing to bleach a lot of your hair (going for an all over color), be sure to pick up several boxes. Each box makes a small little bowl of bleach. So even if you have very short hair, you'll probably find you'll need several boxes.I bought this to prep my 13 year old daughter's hair for some Manic Panic colored streaks. We had initially had some colorful extensions put in at the salon, but some of them started falling out the very next day. So we decided just to color the streaks in. She has medium brown hair and in no time at all this Flash Lighting turned her hair into the perfect light blond color. Her hair must have been just the right shade of brown because she had no yellow tones at all in it. I however have super dark brown hair and when I get my hair bleached each month at the salon, I have the typical warm tones in it.I sectioned off a portion of the underside of her hair and applied the Flash Lighting, then folded it up into a foil to keep it separate from the rest of her hair. 10 -15 minutes later she washed it out and she had the perfect non-yellow light blonde section of hair ready for applying color. I applied a dark pink, a violet color and a turquoise blue and wrapped them up in foils. She washed them out later and the color came out amazing. Looked 100 time better than the extensions (which were real-hair extensions too).This Manic Panic Amplified Flash Lighting works really well and fast. Just be sure to get enough so that you don't run short if you're bleaching a lot of hair."
was easy to use i was glad to get mthis at such a good price  will be a return buyer
"Both my husband and I have been using this product.  My husband is extremely picky (read won't use just anything) about hand lotion, and he has been using this several times a day for over two weeks.  He likes this product very much and told me to give it an excellent rating.For my part, he is welcome to it.  I usually like vanilla fragrances, but this particular one, Sweet Vanilla Fig, isn't something I like to have on my hands.  I can detect the vanilla, but there is something else there that is somewhat unpleasant to me.  Come to think of it, maybe that's why my husband likes it, because it does smell somewhat masculine.  Anyway, the other reason I don't care for it is because the product really coats your hands (not greasy); some people might like that, but I don't.  So, I took off a star for those reasons, but remember that my husband really likes this product, making the end point that it becomes a matter of personal preference."
"I have very sensitive skin and this is the only product I can use that not only moisturizes, but does not cause breakouts or have a fragrance that bothers me. ;-)"
i really like this moisturizer and bought it for my face but find it alittleoily for my skin. It is quite a large jar so I am using it for my dry skinon my legs - it works.
"This thing is called &#34;Soap&#34; which smells really nice. I'm pretty convinced that if I use it, it will kill the germs and bacteria on my hands so I can feel clean for a little while until I touch something weird again (which it knows I will)."
They are really cute came pretty fast to wish they was not all mixed together but other then that its alright
I am really loving the quality of Sigma brushes.  This one is perfect for applying brush or powder. I use it for applying bronzer too.
"This is such a magical color that every one loves it. Some one says it's Tiffany blue, some one says it's mint green. I know it's from a earlier link from Essie but the mint color isn't outdated. Just putting it on my fingers and staring at it makes me happy."
"These cloths do everything they claim to do. Amazing on my cooktop, a surface that I've always dreaded cleaning. And no waterspotting left on my black granite. Looks like its been polished with that expensive polish I won't be buying anymore."
"Firstly I received my bottle of lotion super fast! ...I was so exited when it arrived and it hasn't failed my expectations. It has an absolutely beautiful scent of lavender, and it softens skin beautifully. Even my hands which tend to stay more on the dry side as we live at high altitude in Colorado. Its ALL COMPLETELY NATURAL and Im so glad I found this company. Ive just transitioned to all natural /organic face and body products and so glad I did, Im not sure if its the essential oil smells in all my new stuff or simply the lack of chemicals but I honestly feel more alive than EVER before. If your thinking of doing the same....go for it! and enjoy the Loving Natural products while you at it  :)"
"Good company, Organix.  Good conditioner for smooth hair.  Great smell.  I use the conditioner on the front of my hair and a deeper treatment on my ends since I have thick hair that tends to flip up at the ends.  This works great to smooth my hair."
"Love the colors!! Nice a subtle shine/matte finish.  Eye shadow stays on all day, this is exactly what I was looking for, even the case is nice and sturdy!  I am now a loyal NYX Eye Shadow customer.  I am excited to try other NYX products. Very pleased."
"I have tried the 5% and the 10% version of this bar and I would say that it is pretty effective to a degree.  The most I can use this bar is once a day every other day in the colder months and once a day every day in warmer months.  I would describe my skin as sensitive but it is not extremely sensitive like some folks I know.  I have to make sure that I rinse very well so it doesn't bleach my sheets or clothes and follow up with a good moisturizer, depending on the weather."
I love NYX lipstick.  The colors are so bold and intense even with a thin layer.  This color is amazing.  It is so bright and bold and really stands out.  It goes on smoothly and evenly and stays on for hours!  The price is great for the quality I almost think it's as good as my MAC lipstick.
"Love it, I really like the eyeliner, the pen is good however I would like it to last a lil longer cause after 5 hours, I need to redo the line again"
LAst a really long time very vibrant if u use with the white nyx primer...i mix with different colors to either make a deep red a fushia pink or coral..so i would say very verstatile lol..
"I have used many hair dyes before from professional mix your owns to box type with little to damaging results some are just horrible on your hair making the ends fried and brittle your scalp burned and red, so you know it was a huge surprise when i was asked to try Clairol since i am not a huge fan of there products to begin with, I used there products years ago when i guess they were new, so you know it was hard for me to touch there stuff again, but throwing caution to the wind i was asked to try it, i chose my own hair color so i wouldn't have to change my own mind you my hair was damaged from being color rinsed so i wasn't sure this was going to do anything but make things worse. After i used it as directed my medium auburn color came alive it was so shiny and silky the ends looked like they had never been touched like my hair was back to the original way it was! No frizz no damage no split ends the scent isn't as horrible as it used to be either, all around i am completely impressed i didnt have to use the full bottle for a touch up so i had some friends over and we foiled her hair for tiny highlights, another friend used some for low lights my hair is long so you know if there was left over this product works great! Thanks Clairol my views on you have definitely changed from bad to wow! Thanks to BzzAgent i got this for free definitely glad i got chosen to do this champaign!"
i purchased this wig to display my handmade boho headbands during photoshoots. I am extremely pleased with it. If I wore wigs I'd wear this too!
These replacement brush heads worked great in my clarisonic - very happy - haven't had any problems and they are much more cost effective - well worth the money - highly recommend!
"This is one of those cautionary items. You don't know what you may be spending your money on until you actually get it. Well, this is legit. I've been using the soap for over a week now and it leaves my skin extra clean. It can be drying so I recommend and immediate follow up of a moisturizer. Or if you into ""melting"" it down and adding olive oil, I would suggest that also. I like it, it works and I recommend this product."
"Best. Lotion. Ever. Not only does it moisturize really well, it has the BEST scent of any lotion I've ever used. I buy a lot of scented lotions from Bath & Body Works, and this stuff is much better. And ounce for ounce it's less expensive too.  I recommend this to anyone who likes using scented lotions. Even my husband likes it and he doesn't use lotion - ever."
"This is meant for people like me who have a list a mile long of stuff that goes into their hair. It is an amazing cleansing shampoo that smells great and makes your hair feel clean like you couldn't imagine. The texture is kind of odd- it is somewhat chunky for lack of a better word, but it clearly works, so who cares?"
it is so much cheaper than wholefood's. And it is good and authentic.  The smell is very pleasant. Hope it works on the baby.
"Okay, so I'm big into river boat sports. It was dry year, and I wound up in the water more this year (dragging boat over rocks due to low water levels), and lost  SPF protection. I got majorly burned on my legs and arms. Since I use multiple layers of spf on my face(spf lotion + spf BB cream + oil of olay UV SPF lotion), I didn't get so much burned on my face - except for the spot where I rubbed my head with the back of my wet hand. That part burned to hell. It was a big brown spot on my forehead, lol, and as it healed, it was like calico patchwork on my forehead. Literally, you'd think I had a skin disease.Well, anyway, first I tried the Medina Milk Whitening, which uses lactic acid. This soap worked amazing, lifting the layers of burnt, dead skin immediately. And over several weeks, lightened my really dark arms to practically match my white bum and bosom (which don't see as much exposure). Anyway, this milk is a great option, I have no doubt it would have continued to work well, but I wanted to try this kojic san because I read it works a million times faster.Boy were they right! I put this on and my arms lost several shades in less than a minute. Amazing because I'm typically kind of fair, not too white but definitely on the fairer side, but with enough melanin that I can totally get that dark look of someone who spends a lot of time at the beach or on a boat.Anyway, a lot of people said it did nothing. Now, obviously, I'm dark because of sun, but I think this would work on naturally darker people. Thing is to thickly lather it on your skin (not too much water, but just enough), then keep rubbing it for a minute or more, and then rinse. Some people recommend up to 10 minutes, but that's for serious whitening.And also, be sure to rinse the kojic soap because it can burn and cause irritation. Do use a moisturizer afterwards. Personally, I use alcohol free aloe vera and an spf lotion. Also, I like to wash my face prior to using the soap. This way any make up and oil or gunk is gone, and my skin has direct contact with the kojic. Same with the rest of my body. I wash and rinse first, so that lotions and stuff don't get in the way."
"I do like this make-up bag.  It's compact yet holds a lot. Ironically, a seam that separates the brushes ripped today.  Not the end of the world especially given the cost of the bag."
"Best freaking deep conditioner on the market (besides coconut oil)! I use it once a week on my very long, wavy, fine hair and it helps keep it healthy and strong. Try it!!"
Really moisturizes my skin!Before trying this body wash my skin was extremely dry after shower! I had to rush to moisturize each time!Now I leave the shower nice and smooth! Loving it!
The Shany Cosmetics Pro Makeup Case is an excellent product. I first saw this product on America's Next Top Model and my daughter wanted one. I purchased it two years ago and it still looks like new. The case is very sturdy. I liked it so well that I ordered another one for my youngest daughter and thinking about getting one for myself.
"fantastic color, applies and wears very well.  a sophistacted change to the usual dark colors, I am 50 and have had compliments from all age groups regarding this color!"
"My skin is sensitive and turns red from some products.  This is one of them.  I can only use it every couple of days on my face, but my neck can handle daily applications.  It seems to work well, but I don't see much difference between this and cheaper products."
THIS IS A GREAT NATURAL MASCARA!! IT STAYS ON NICELY AND IT DOESNT WASH DOWN YOUR FACE BY MID DAY LIKE SOME OF THE OTHER NATURAL MASCARAS DO! GREAT PRODUCT!
"WAITED TO WRITE THIS REVIEW UNTIL AFTER READING MANY REVIEWERS, WEBSITES AND MONTHS OF TRIAL AND ERROR!I waited to write this review until I had tried MANY of the tips from MANY of the wonderful reviewers on Amazon.com!  Below is what has finally worked for me the best.  I have been doing my own nails for years .. when I heard how long gel nails lasted .. I was hooked!  I find my pedicure will last easily 4 weeks .. my manicure very nicely 2 weeks .. then I must start to ""tip"" the ends with a matching regular nail polish.  When ""tipping the ends"" .. if I am not in a hurry .. the best way is to use an OPI base coat plus the color .. it will last better.  My nails grow quickly so I really can't last much longer than 3 weeks without a LOT of regrowth along the cuticle.  Hope the below is helpful .. thanks to all the other Reviewers who helped me get started on gel nails!AUGUST 2013  (SORRY IN ADVANCE THAT MY ""WORD"" DOCUMENT CONVERTS SO BADLY TO AMAZON VIA THE SENTENCE STRUCTURES!)The motto for GEL is ""thin to win"" - several very thin layers, no thick ones!Manicure & Pedicure Gelish ApplicationAUGUST 2013  The motto for GEL is ""thin to win"" - several very thin layers, no thick ones.1. First remove old gel polish. Rough up nails well so acetone can get through. Then starting with the little finger and work to the thumb.  Soak pad of Hands Down with acetone.  Start with the short end of Hands Down ..  with the pad slightly off center.  Pull it tightly over the nail bed, it will settle to the center of the nail bed, keeping full contact with the nail as it soaks the gel off.  When 5 fingers complete .. put on a disposable glove. . This helps keep the pads moist longer.  Do the second hand.  Put a glove on the second hand and set the timer for 20 minutes after completing 2nd hand. With the gloves on, can do other tasks.  After 20 minutes, remove the glove and pull off the pads, one at a time .. starting with little finger-1st hand, flipping the polish off each nail with an orange stick as you go. If some sticks on the tips, a little pressure with an orange stick coated with acetone ought to make it release.  Pads can reused a couple of times before throwing away .. flick off old polish from pad/flatten/let dry/store separated in paper sheets they came in.  (Using: Graham Hands Down Soak Off Gel Nail Wraps-works GREAT! -for small toenails the pad can be cut in half for double usage!)2.  Apply cuticle remover .. push back the cuticle.3.  Remove cuticle from nail plate.  Clean up as needed.  4.  Shape the natural nail using your 240 grit file of choice.5.  Gently remove the shine using the 100 grit side of a 100/180 Buffer until very smooth.6.  Remove the dust and clean the nail.  .  (IF POSSIBLE:  apply vitamin E oil to your nails and fingers after this process because the acetone is very drying.  Leave on overnight if possible. Then:  wash with soap and water and polish using the proper steps.7.  Wipe the nail with NAIL PREP (or70/91% alcohol) using a lint free wipe (can even use small cuts of lint free paper towel).  Use an orange stick to fully clean around cuticles with the alcohol. You don't want any kind of oil on the nails.8. Apply  PH Bond to the nail plate. (or skip if you used alcohol if you choose) APPLY SPARINGLY - i.e. very thin coat!  (Use a dry brush and pull more product OFF the nail to ensure it's thin enough.) .  9. SKIP TO #12 IF nails are not peeling/brittle/weak/damaged.  If you have normal nails just using Foundation Gel  as your base.  **Apply Gelish NAIL STRENGHENER STRENGTH-green bottle ..  (instead of GELISH FOUNDATION GEL) - first seal the edges of the nail. If needed apply 2 thin layers of the Gelish strengthener.  Place hand in the LED Light for 30 seconds.  10.  Apply  NAIL STRENGHTENER RECOVERY-gold bottle for added strength and that takes care of most problems.) Place hand in the LED Light for 30 seconds.  (This xtra step is only necessary for poor nails!)  If you apply too thick a coat, your results will suffer.  Place hand in the LED Light for 10 seconds.  10b NEXT  .. ""STRUCTURE GEL.  NOTE:  dot a small amount of base coat on each nail with the brush. Then, wipe the rest of the gel off of the brush. Use the mostly dry brush to spread the small amount of product on your nail. I even wipe the brush off between each nail. This ensures a thin layer OR WILL PEEL!  Place hand in the LED Light for 30 seconds. (This xtra step is only necessary for poor nails but Structure Gel is a wonderful strong product!.)  11. If you choose you can  emove some of the tacky surface residue with clean dry brush.  DO NOT USE CLEANSER... this is a DRY cleaning.  12.  Apply Gelish Color Coat of Choice. First, seal the free edge of the nail. Then, apply to the nail plate in a THIN LIGHT APPLICATION from cuticle to free edge.  If you apply too thick a coat, your results will suffer. APPLICATION SHOULD BE ALMOST SEE-THROUGH ON 1st COAT!  Place hand in the LED Light for 30 seconds (30 seconds for light colors).  (As with ALL UV products, cure thumbs very carefully OR separately for best results.  13.  Repeat Step 11, 12 & 13 for 2nd color coat.14.  Apply Gelish Top Coat (GELISH TOP IT OFF GEL SEALER). First seal the free edge. Then, apply from cuticle to free edge using a THIN LIGHT APPLICATION. If you apply too thick a coat, your results will suffer.  Place hand in LED Light for 20 seconds.  (As with ALL UV products, cure thumbs very carefully OR separately for best results.15.  Wipe off the tacky surface residue with NAIL PREP (or alcohol) using a lint free wipe.16.  Use cuticle oil nightly  as this helps keep the product flexible and less prone to cracking.TIPS:  a.  I find it better to complete one step .. including the LED light .. with one hand at a time because the gel  does not dry at all .. causing smudges if I attempt to do the step on the 2nd hand without the LED light.b.  I use a narrow orange stick and an old cleaned polish bottle filled with acetone to remove any gel touching  a cuticle or skin.  I do this as I go as it is easier to do while wet .. IMPOSSIBLE after the LED light!c.  Peeling: If you have tried thinner layers, and upping your cure time (try 1 min extra for UV, 30 sec extra  for LED) isn't working, consider blaming your foundation coat formula, this was the culprit in my second  Gelish kit.d.  By searching and finally finding a regular nail polish (Sally Hansen ""#350 Heart to Heart"" Diamond Strength No Chip Nail Color) close to my gel polish (gelish ""Tiger Blossum-Item #01334) I have been able to make my nails last up to nearly 4 weeks!  Not looking great toward the end but tolerable!  In the beginning it is merely ""tipping"" the nails .. ie using the #350 to color the tip of the nails after they wear off.  I find I must do this nearly every day .. just do this as I put on my make up .. being careful of the finger tips as I apply my make up.  Then as the gel gets to be 2-3 to 4 weeks old my nail beds have grown out at least 1/4"".  I then carefully add the #350 around the upper nail bed .. then add a regular top coat to make it all shiny.  I get another week out of it .. YEAH!e.  Various helpful supplies I got from Amazon.com:  magnifying glasses, lint free cloth, brush for Structure Gel,  Graham Hands Down Soak Off Gel Nail Wraps, Debra Lynn Black 240/320 Grit Nail File ,  Professional 100/100 grit Nail files zebra file emery board,  Harmony Gelish Vitagel - Strength- green bottle  Nail Strengthener,  REALLY HANDY FOR ACETONE & ALCHOHOL- Debra Lynn Professional 4 oz. Clear Pump Dispenser Bottle  $6.,  for ""dry"" step- Everydaysource 7pc UV Gel Nail Art Tips Brush PenAMAZON: USpicy 12w LED Nail Gel Cure Lamp  (less harmful to cuticles and surrounding skin than UV lamps)  Harmony Shellac Uv Dryer  $115.99 .. EXACTLY SAME THING! ( Led Lamp for Gel Nail Cure Shellac Harmony)  12W LED UV Lamp For Shellac Gelish Nail Gel Polish Curing Nail Dryer Light Timer[...]7/31/13 .. hmmmm .. JUST SAW FOR  $89 W/SHIPPING FROM AMAZON:  http://www.amazon.com/Quality-Light-Polish-Crescent-Curing/dp/B00CY2I8VK/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid;=1375308890&sr;=8-6&keywords;=12+UV+GEL+NAIL+DRYER=================================================I PURCHASED FROM EBAY 7/12  ..  SELLER:  ""goforshopnow""EBAY:  PAID $77.59.. NOT $115.99!!  12W TOP LED Nail Gel Polish Cure Lamp Harmony Shellac UV Dryer Timer Control New**I also loved the fact that once I set the time on the lamp it automatically started when I placed my hand in to cure. I was always using my Iphone as a timer backup for the UV lamp so this was really nice.  I found that the replacement bulbs for the UV lamp were almost $30, and the LED lamp is supposed to last 35,000 hours - so not only is it better to not have the UV exposure but cheaper in the long run.TECH TIPS: [...]Gelish recommended cure times are based on using a Gelish Harmony LED Curing Light.  For best performance follow recommended cure times.**I think the soaking the Gel polish off in Acetone every time they come in weakens the nail bed as well. I make my client only wear it ever third time they get a manicure. I don't care what they say...it does make the nail a little weaker because of the soaking and scrapping. [...]**clients who like to peel the product off, I believe this may be why subsequent applications are not working. They are taking the top layer of keratin off. I always caution my clients not do to this and if they do, they cannot expect the product to perform the way it's designed to do.**Do buy a bottle of cuticle oil and use it over your Shellac every day (I keep mine next to my bed and put it on at night when I set my alarm) as this helps keep the product flexible and less prone to cracking.**there's a huge influx of similar uv gel polish products right now. Gelish, Geleration, Axxium, Gelicure... lots of them. They are great products, and similar to Shellac in their wearing, but all of the others come in a pot and are applied with a gel brush.**Some women I apply an extra topcoat, some protein bond, some a layer or two of structure first, some, all of the above.** [...]TIPS I PICKED UP FROM OTHER REVIEWERS:*****GELISH STRUCTURE GEL  **I used a #6 flat gel brush to apply it very thinly, and it leveled nicely, cured thoroughly in 90 seconds to a high shine. I highly recommend this, as it is easy to apply and definitely adds strength to the nail.  .. Purpose: Used to strengthen weak nails OR to equalize the level differences between the natural nail plate and applied false nail tips. Use this product after the Gelish Foundation (BASE) step has been completed  Directions: Apply 1-3 thin coats depending upon nail strength desired; curing between each application. When applying, I use a small flat brush and place a dot of gel into the center of my nail. Using a gentle swirling motion I cover the entire nail. You want to minimize the times you lift the brush from the product so as not to incorporate air bubbles. Once the nail is covered with the sculpting gel, turn your hand over keeping it level for 1 minute. This helps the applied gel to self level in a nicely rounded and natural shape. Cure as directed between each application. See requirements for the cure time needed  Requirements: Gelish structure must be cured with an LED lamp or UV lamp system. LED cure time 30 seconds. 36W UV Lamp - 2 minutes  Note: For me this is a must have product. I use it on the natural nail plate up to my false nail tip on the first and second application. This helps to equal out the level differences between the two. On the third application I cover the entire nail including the false tip. Polish as desired followed by the Gelish Top If Off as the final step .  **.  **Apply with a nail art brush.  **I first applied the foundation coat, then dry brushed it, then applied the Structure Gel. I dry brushed that layer as well and finished applying layers as directed. The end result is fantastic.  **The next time, I bought some pure acetone nail polish remover and it cleaned the brush like a dream  **Debra Lynn Professional French Manicure Clean-Up Brush (Misc.)  **Notice this is called a clean up brush. That is what it does. It will even up your French manicure very easily. Don't know how anyone can do a French manicure without one. I wanted to try the French tip look with the CND Shellac process I do at home and purchased this brush for that specific purpose. This brush made even this amateur try look professional. This brush is well made and an easy weight in the hand. No bristles were loose nor have any fallen out. Would recommend highly recommend.BEAUTY~NAILS~GEL-JULY 2012**VIDEO:  [...]"
"As a little hair background, I naturally have extremly light brown hair with a little blonde mixed in. Think like, really, really dirty blonde haha. I've been dyeing my hair for like 4 years straight maybe so my hair has seen a lot of different colors. It's been blue, pink, black like a thousand shades of red and stuff so I assumed it would MAYBE be able to help a little. For the first time in forever I saw my natural color and of course the areas I had bleached were returned to that shade. I'm extremly impressed. I want to have my hair white and with pastel green bangs next so I wanted to bleach my hair but I didn't want to have the let the bleach also work on counteracting the dyes I've used so this was a great solution. I won't have to leave the bleach on nearly as long and it won't look as uneven as it would if I hadn't used this! Oh and just so you know I didn't follow all the directions. I just mixed them together, stuck it in my hair for maybe 22-25 minutes then I hopped in the shower and just scrubbed my hair with the Green Tea Conditioner by Paul Mitchell for like 15 minutes then once more for a second to help with the smell. Then I used a different conditioner to compinsate for any dryness from using this product. You don't have to actually do the whole 5 minute chunk things. At least I didn't. Anyway, BUY THIS!"
I am an avid tanner and have tried tons of lotions and this is the first I have truly loved.  It is thin and not oily so it is easy to apply.  After tanning it does not rub off on your clothes and leave you feeling greasy for the rest of the day.  The scent is very pleasant and not overpowering.  As a matter of fact I have had a few people tell me that they love the perfume I am wearing.  I also find it to be very moisturizing.  It leaves my skin feeling soft even after I shower.  The price on amazon is way lower than at the tanning bars and a bottle will last a LONG time.
"This body scrub is really good. It's a little on the pricey side but the lather makes a little bit go a long way. For an acne scrub, the lather is amazing, and the scent is not overpowering or harsh. It's a very light, neutral scent. After only about 4 days of use, I've noticed that tiny bumps on my neck, back, and shoulders are gone or nearly gone. I initially bought this scrub because I thought it would help clear up the marks my acne left behind so hopefully with continued use the acne scars will be less visible. The skin smoothing has been a welcomed surprised. I plan on using this scrub in conjunction with vitamin e oil so that my skin is completely clear of marks and blemishes.My only complaint is that it makes the skin on my back and shoulders a little dry, but nothing that a little moisturizing oil and lotion won't fix. I would give it 5 stars if it weren't for that though. If you have really sensitive or dry skin this may irritate. I would recommend a thick moisturizer or lotion after showering to alleviate this. I would recommend this product again."
"I have hair to my butt and it cuts down on blow-drying time, not to mention the wonderful smell. I use&#34; It's A 10 first&#34;, (which smells great too) then a couple of pumps of this and I dry my hair. Silky and shiny hair every time."
"Well....maybe.Actually...I think it's better than NARS :X The staying power on this is great. The price point can't be beat and you just get SO much product!! It's insane. Normally, my cheeks just gobble up blush, but oh this....it's got such great pigment. If I have a primer on to boot? It's even better. Cannot rave enough about this. It's the perfect compliment to my NC25 skin."
"It is unlikely that I will ever use another blush.  This product goes on and looks beautiful.  Not greasy, doesn't smear.  Very light sparkle too.  Love it."
So I've used this for over a year without a problem.  I never have to use extra time or anything!  It has saved me so much money!  I am going to get a LED one once this one quits working just because you don't have to cure it for as long.  But this is a great and fairly inexpensive product!
"If you are on the fence about buying this, just do it! Your skin will thank you and you will feel helluva sexy with smooth skin.  Will never be without this concoction again."
I bought it for my rosacea. It definetely makes my cheeks look less dry. I have a mild form of rosacea. I expected the serum to reduce redness. It actually does but just a bit. I like the sensations though. It smells nice. I use only a drop for the red spots. I am pretty satisfied. I did not expect a miracle. Was delivered earlier than I expected.
"Not quite as emollient as I had hoped for but good overall.  Used to have oily skin but now, at 55, it's become a bit more dry and in need of additional hydration via my moisturizer.  Love the scent of this product!  Dislike a rose scent so didn't purchase the Rose Night Creme - wish they offered an alternative."
"I love that InstaNatural Hyluronic Acid Serum has added Vitamin C, Vitamin A, and Green Tea. Not only do I feel like I'm giving my face a little detox with the green tea, but I am able to skip an extra vitamin c serum when I use this. I love that it really does add moisture. I can use this serum in the morning and then follow with a bb cream. I don't need to use an additional moisturizer. At night I use this serum, but follow with a repairing night cream. It's very easy to apply. It's thicker like a lotion, but clear, and comes in a pump bottle. It applies smoothly, and feels silky against your skin. I am in love with this serum, it has to be one of the best I've ever tried!"
"I'm a white woman with hair that's a mix of wavy, frizzy, curly and dry. I haven't been happy with many of the products I'm finding in the ""white"" aisle (though there are a couple I admit I love) -- usually, however, they're too heavily perfumed and make my hair feel worse than ever and coated down with product. Then I just end up thinking maybe I should invest in more hats. When my neighborhood Walgreens went and renovated, adding a bigger ""ethnic"" hair care aisle, I decided to explore, especially when a friend told me that olive oil was excellent for hair, period. I found this product and a couple others there, and couldn't be happier. I love that this doesn't feel like a perfume bomb went off around my head -- it does have an aloe vera lotion vibe to it, scent-wise, however -- and using it I get a nice shine and wave to my hair. Applied to dry hair, it feels like a great touch-up that actually works. The hair looks a bit healthier and shinier, too, and feels that way. I'm sold on this."
"This stuff is like magic!  I have been using it everyday, I mix  3 tablespoons of seaweed, 1/4 cup olive, 1/4 cup course sea salt and five drops of lemongrass oil in a wide jar.  Before taking a bath or shower I spread the mix in a circular motion almost like a message on my legs or anywhere you have cellulite.  I leave it on for three to five minutes,longer is better.  When rinsing off I slowing splash water and massage it vigorously into my skin.  My cellulite is disappearing it's amazing.  I had little cellulite saddlebags, their gone that's how I know this stuff works.  I still have some cellulite on my legs but I notice everyday I have less and less the more you use it the more the cellulite disappears.  I thought I could never get rid of it, thank God for seaweed!  I highly recommend this product, the seller is great I received my product in a timely fashion and the product delivered what it says it does.  Goodbye cellulite welcome great looking legs."
"The iron heats up quickly and seems to be good quality.  The buttons are well built, easy to understand and use.Like any curling iron, it does take quite a while to cool down, which is frustrating, but true with any product like this one.The cord is probably about 6 feet, which is a nice length to work with.  The cord is a little stiff, so it has curled a little too much now that it has been stretched a lot.Overall good product for the price."
I got this for my mom since she wanted one :D she loves it! It's great for creating supercute hairdos. :D
This lotion totally absorbs into the skin - NO greasy feel...absolutely none - zero!  Super light weight.  It is not only unscented - but doesn't have any fragrance at all which is fantastic - it doesnt even smell like lotion so you can then wear perfume without any clash of scents.  Leaves my skin smooth and super soft.  On a 1-10 scale...this lotion gets an 11.
Love this as an eyeliner. Have tried many and this is the only one the I found that doesnt completely smudge.  You do have to reapply to waterlines through out the day but it's worth it. I like to burn it for a second with a lighter... Let it cool off and then apply. love it!
"This is a great broad purpose set of brushes.  I don't get overly detailed in my make-up application, so I don't need more than this 6 piece set.  The bamboo handles feel sturdy and light weight, and the brush heads seem secure and long lasting.  The brush case is a nice bonus too!"
"This stuff is a miracle worker.  I had some really bad sunspots on my face.  Big ol' gross looking blotches.  I have tried many expensive products and nothing worked.  Exfoliating my skin and putting this stuff on afterwards, I have noticed a DRAMATIC difference in the darkness of my spots.  Burt's Bees is awesome"
"In my teens I was diagnosed with acne rosacea and have battled both aspects for over 50 years.  In those decades of using prescription medication and topical creams, hypoallergenic cleansers and medicated makeups, what I have learned, simply, is that less is more.  What has really helped the most?  Unfortunately, menopause.  However, even today, diet and stress cause me outbreaks, and my skin will react within a day to many soaps or makeup products.  So as far as what I put on my face, I use as little as possible and as a result, normally break out less.  Recently I started breaking out on my forehead with tons of pimples and decided to try this product.In using this scrub per the directions and no other cleanser for the past week and a half, once a day, my skin has calmed down.  The 15 pimples that I had on my forehead are gone, and at the moment there are no new ones.  Honestly.  I am impressed.  While there are no added perfumes or dyes, there is a light fragrance which reminds me of...rice, which is the exfoliation ingredient.  Ordinarily, I do not agree with self-serving adjectives placed on the product, but in this case, the scrub really is soothing and gentle, reminding me of a spa experience I had years ago.  For me personally, the price is fair considering Simple did calm down my flare-up, and therefore in my opinion is worth a try.  I intend to continue using Simple and will update this review regarding how it works over more time."
"I live in extra-sunny Florida, and this is by far the BEST sunblock I've used. It doesn't have a greasy feel or leave me looking like I've been dipped in a vat of oil, which most do. It doesn't cause my face to break out. It doesn't have an overly perfume-y smell, and most importantly, it WORKS! I've used this stuff and stupidly forgotten to reapply for hours, and still, no sunburn (I'm extremely prone to burning). This is my go-to for everyday use, and for water parks. Even after several hours in and out of wave pools, water slides, and walking around out in the bright sun, we've never burnt using this. Even works great for extra fair skin and redheads!"
This is a reliable product and very consistent. you can count on it to be the color it looks and very economical
It's absolutely everything I hoped for and more plain and simple. But it smells like bad bubble gum though. Enjoy!
"I give the product four stars because the ""big flipper"" solvent pump bottle the remover comes in is the best you can buy for acetone! I highly recommend this product solely for that reason. It is so much easier to remove your polish and clean your konad plates with this bottle.However, the Remove+ nail polish remover smells so disgusting. They obviously add so much perfume to mask the smell of the acetone but i honestly would prefer the acetone over this awful headache-inducing floral scent.Remove+ is basically just acetone with glycerin added to make it less irritating on your skin. I have been using 100% pure acetone w/ added glycerin for about a year now and Remove+ does not work any better than the homemade mixture. So I will use up the Remove+ and then fill it with my regular polish remover, because it would be very wasteful to dispose of the liquid just because it smells REALLY REALLY REALLY TERRIBLE."
"My hair is fine and straight, so pins never have much to grip.  But, these do hold much better than most pins due to the textured inside edge and the pin being clamped together a bit tighter than usual.  I have noticed that after a few uses they tend to bend open a bit which makes them looser, but a quick pinch with a pair of pliers sets them all straight again. (All my bobby pins open over time, so I think it's just the nature of the beast).I love the coloration of these. They blend well with strawberry blonde hair, and far better than the bronze or black colored pins. It's exceedingly rare to find red hair colored hair pins/clips, but these are the closest I've found yet.I usually use these to pin into the hair rather than onto it (like french twists, buns, or to tuck in stray strands from a braid) and they are nearly invisible."
I own the Neutrogena Microdermabrasion  System so I must have the refills.  The price is comparable to the local store and I have the added benefit of them being delivered to my door.  I love the Neutrogena Microdermabrasion  System..
"These lashes are cute, as natural as false lashes are, flexible, more for an everyday look with a little glam. 5 stars for the seller Fashion Factory, which has excellent Customer Service, prompt and courteous problem resolutions. Thank you!"
"I am simply smitten with my recent (how did I just learn of this:!:!) discovery of Vinylux. I was once a fake nail girl. Expensive, time-consuming, toxic and destructive. After a few years without, I swapped to shellac. I love it at first, but discovered it too hurt the nail, was somewhat time consuming, and I worried about the effect of the light on my skin and nail beds. THIS stuff is the bomb. I dries super fast, no light required, and does last amazingly well. My nails peel and chip within a day with regular polish. This stuff is the bomb. So happy. I haven't kept it on a week yet. It's so quick and easy to change colors (no soaking, just regular polish remover). Love it!"
"This is a good shampoo to help wake you up in the morning. The menthol is fairly strong and you can really feel it on your scalp. It lathers well and the conditioning is fine for me, as my hair is short. My wife, who has long, thick hair tried it out, and she still needed a separate conditioner. I liked this and would buy it. I am a big fan of menthol, so this was great for me. Some may find it too strong and men with long hair may find the conditioning part lacking. If you have short hair or a layered style, it should be okay though."
"I purchase this item on Dec 3 and it came through the mail 13 days later. However, I was thinking that this tape was going to be a little bit bigger but its the size of a SunnyD cap. But for the price you will get your money worth and some. The stripes are so small but it will work perfect to get your lines straight."
"The texture, feel and wear of this powder is my favorite. I have been using it for the last 7 years. I haven't found anything that looks more natural or provides better coverage."
I love these jars because I make my face/body mixes and store them for travel or vacation. Durable and sturdy!
"I love Vanicream Sunscreen.  It goes a long way, when you rub it in.  It keeps my sensitive skin from burning.  I use the 30 SPF for my body.  This sunscreen has no scent, and it doesn't burn my eyes."
"It's so blasted expensive.  But it goes a LONG way.  And its WONDERFUL for my combination head of 3A and 4a  at the crown, 3c around the face and in the back (yeah, styling my hair is a chore).But this is the first product that was as Curly Nikki says, &#34;disrespectful to my finances&#34; and I did not mind!  Its amazing.  Love it.  Mixed Chicks...we ALL are mixed ya know!"
"I use this product daily and at the price  you can't beat......... its great, and great seller and again the price is amazing. I bought 3 of them."
"I used to use a much more expensive deep conditioning product and didn't notice any real difference. I use this religiously 2-3 times a week, even though it only says to use it twice. My hair is much more manageable when I use this vs a regular conditioner. I've order directly from Macadamia Oil before and it was the same product as this."
"As a make up artist this is must have palette, I have every shade on had all in one palette to create any look my client wants. All eye shadows are very pigmented and very comparable to the higher end shadows that I use at a fraction of the cost and you get more product.The only complaint I have about this product is the packaging and how the second bottom tier slides out very easily and isn't secured which can cause the shadows to crumble if hit or knocked over so I would keep in a safe storage like a train case. Other than that I cant complain I love this product and price!!!"
"My almost 18 year old son is using this and he says it works well, but he's isn't a big fan of it as he is the other axe products. The scent is a bit odd but it is very light. The other axe products he's had the scent is very masculine and pretty strong. These teenagers like to smell good. BUT, as far as cleaning his face I would give it a five. The scent gets a three. He wouldn't want me to buy it again. He prefers the other axe products."
This soap is amazing.  While it doesn't last forever as do most chemical-containing soaps these days...that's a small price to pay for it's moisturizing properties.  It also FEELS natural.  Love it.
These are great quality. I just used a plain over the counter .99 white polish. You can see the word &#34;Kisses&#34; perfect. I also have the Fairy Set.
It is the beginning of the summer.  Fresh sunscreen is called for and am trying Banana Boat Sport Coolzone Lotion SPF 30.What I liked so far:1. light pleasant fragrance2. non sticky feel on application3. initial pleasantly cool on my skin4. protection workedBelieve we should always monitor our sunscreen effects carefully.
"I'm not really big on giving reviews, but I mustSay this is the 1st time in my life I can honestlySay my skin is completely clear. I cannot believeHow great this product works.  It leaves my skinSqueaky clean. Not dry and flaky. I would moreThen 5 stars if I could ."
"Shipping was fast and well packaged. I love how great it seems to work (when I have time to use it), and it smells very good!"
"Use this for temporary effect. This is especially effective in humid environment where people don't like oil on their hair, because this is really light. However, if you are expecting long term effect, like for day, it won't help. It keeps your hair sleek and shiny may be for 3-4 hours."
"Absolutely fantastic nail polish. I used to wear a mask with a regular nail polish because of the smell, but with this one - I can barely smell it! It is great! It stays on nails for a while, I just keep polishing layer after layer for it to look good. When I am ready to take the nail polish off, I have a thick layer (after like 7 days) and when I am ready to take it off, I put my hands under the hot water for just a little bit, and pill the nail polish off, no harsh nail polish remover is needed, even though I bought it from this company."
not bad for less then three bucks!
"I have a really hard time with lipstick - between the multiple cups of coffee I inhale during the morning or the chapped lips I have during the winter, I rarely even bother.  Shany's lipstick is perfect - long wearing, moisturizing and GREAT color payoff!!"
This gives gives my hair big beautiful curly waves and ringlets. Other products make my hair shrink up and lay flat with no volume. I love this stuff!
Once I find a lipstick color that looks good on me and feels comfortable I stick to it...this is one of those lipsticks.
"I tried this cream several years ago and I was happy with it.  However, being a product junkie means always searching for something better.  I never found an eye cream that works as well as this one.  I'm back to it after trying several other brands including creams that cost $100+.  I won't stray again. It's worth it to look rested."
"This sweet sunblock provides UVA and UVB protection and smells like heaven with its marshmallow and chocolate scent. . It goes on smooth and doesn't leave your skin feeling greasy or sticky like most brands. Plus its made from natural minerals so I know its safe for  my whole family, even my baby. And most important, it works. After spending the whole day out in the hot sun, my kids didn't show any signs of sun burn.  Living at the shore, I go through lots of sunblock and this one is defintely my new favorite"
love this color!  This is the only color I wear because it's goes from daytime to evening and even to black tie so well.
"I am in my early 30s with very oily, acne prone skin.  I didn't think that SPF protection and acne prone skin could live in harmony until my doctor put me on a skin regimen that included this product.  I have been a faithful user of this stuff for 2 years and nary a breakout.  I think it has helped fade older hyperpigmentation too. One minor issue is that I tend to look shiny after an application but I don't mind since I wear foundation and powder most days. As long as they make this I am buying it."
"I have now fallen in love with this brand name and type of nail polish. Regular nail polish wouldn't even last 12 hours on my nails with being a mom and my hands always doing thing, especially with harsh chemicals/soaps. I have had the same nail polish on for a 1.5 weeks and it still looks great. Just make sure you get everything you need to do the application properly. I used the gelish website and under their tab that says application to teach me how to do it properly and what all i needed. Make sure you pair these nail polishes with the foundation, top coat, uv gel lamp, and gel cleanser or you will not get the results you want. Make sure you do THIN layers, the first time i did it i put it on like normal nail polish and it was too thick and caused it to peel faster than it should. The second time i took my time and make sure i had little polish on my brush for each step to do thin layers and it turned out 100% better. Also make sure you wipe off all excess nail polish that might get on your skin around your nail after each step before you put it in the lamp or it will harden on your skin and than when it peels off it will peel off the nail polish from your nail and ruin your good looking nail polish. The gel cleanser you need because after you dry the top coat it will still feel like its wet and sticky but once you do the cleanser step you will have perfectly harden and smooth nails. It seems werid to rub something onto your nail when it feels wet still but it won't ruin your polish like you would assume it just takes off the sticky stuff some how. Awesome stuff and i can not wait to grow my color collection. Saves tons of money since i don't have to go to the salon for my nails anymore. Also its VERY nice to go right to doing things like washing the dishes like mins after finishing your nails, its amazing no more waiting 24 hours to make sure it is set properly before you do anything with your hands or put shoes on. I have instantly after doing my nails did dishes and folded laundry and my nails would still be perfect afterwards."
The shampoo that goes with this does an amazing job making my hair soft and smooth.  This conditioner is just icing on the cake.  It smells delicious and I can tell it's conditioning.Doesn't leave any gunky residue in my hair.Would buy again!
"This is a nice blow dryer. It works well, is very solidly built (somewhat heavy for its size, but that doesn't bother me). It is comfortable to hold and just the right size (medium...not to small or big). The highest heat setting is too hot for me (which is a change from my previous blow dryer, but tells me it has good heating elements), so I keep it on medium. For some reason, I thought it was black when I purchased it, but it is a very pretty dark plum color, with pink accents...very &#34;stylish&#34;! :) Oh, and I love the &#34;cool shot&#34; feature!"
"I'm in the desert and get really sweaty, this stuff really works to keep you from feeling sweaty in unwanted places. and it doesn't have an obnoxious odor, which good for the ladies down there."
"While I don't have rough skin, dry ac air wreaks havoc on my skin all the same.This is a very rich and emollient, thick moisturizer. And, it will soften your skin. I pay particular attention to my feet, because I go barefoot and wear sandals/flip-flops a lot. I have even used a tiny bit on my face, but I wouldn't do this often as I think it may be a bit too emollient for the face. However, once a week or so I'd like to use it as a facial moisturizer before bed.If you do not like scent, this does not have a scent -though that's not an issue for me.This 13 oz bottle ought to last me quite a while - you don't need much--a few pumps and you're good to go. My skin does feel nice and soft after use -- I like that. Teehee.If I had any ""complaint"" and it's a minor one, it is a bit ""greasy"" on the hands so that I have to keep rubbing it in (or washing it off) but that does go away after a bit of time. A small price to pay for a great lotion when you need a bit extra moisturizing, y'all."
"Elizabeth Taylor's passion with a little fruity twist. My husband thinks it is great! I loved Taylor's passion and this is almost but not quite as good as the original version. I love powdery, warm, florals with a bit of a sweet twist and this hits most of the markers for me. It is not aimed at very young teeny boppers either. I think a real woman of any age could wear this."
I ordered these for my glamorous daughter....she gave them a thumbs up so that made me feel good about the surprise purchase....
"I have used this haircut kit weekly and it does a good job of cutting.  It is a great advantage not to have a cord to get in the way.  The attachments are quite different from the typical corded cutter.  It took a little adjustment to get used to them.  In the past year I have used the Wahl, Conair, and Remington cutter kits.  Though the Wahl and Remington kits do a good job, they cost twice what the Conair does.  All the cutter blades dull with usage and for that reason I prefer the Conair kits.  Once the blades dull and the cutter starts pulling its time to throw it away and get another one.  The much lower cost of the Conair makes it the best choice."
"This elixir has a light gel-like consistency and dispenses easily from the pump dispenser. Although it might look and feel a little bit more classy and high end in a glass bottle, I have no complaints with the packaging. I've broken a few glass bottles in my time, so it's probably better this way anyhow.This product contains glycolic acid. Think of it as a mini chemical peel but not so drastic. Unless you're allergic to it, you shouldn't come home with a red face. At the same time the elixir's antioxidants and moisturizers provide soothing hydration to tighten skin's surface. It is oil-free and fragrance-free, although it has a very slight scent.Olay says that you should see a marked improvement in your skin in as little as seven days if used on a nightly basis. It is not recommended for daytime usage as glycolic acid can make the skin more sun sensitive. In fact, it is recommended that you use a moisturizer with at least SPF 15 during the day if you use this product at night.I need about two pumps from the bottle as I use the elixir not only on my face, but also on my neck and chest. It doesn't sting or irritate my skin. I'm able to apply around my eyes with no problem.  Although it is a gel, it is not sticky at all, and leaves my skin feeling smooth and noticeably firmer immediately upon application. The elixir absorbs quickly, but allow about 5 minutes if you put a moisturizer on afterwards.Olay says that you can use this product in lieu of a regular nighttime moisturizer. Perhaps in my younger days I might have, but I live in a dry environment, so I usually follow up with their Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream. That being said, sometimes my skin does get a bit oily so I do sometimes skip the heavier cream and just use the Elixir. It's great for those days as it is not a heavy moisturizer, but yet it provides sufficient hydration for normal/combination skin types.I've been using this about three months now and I feel like it has really improved my skin. In particular my neck area was not as firm as it once was and since using this product I've noted a marked improvement in the firmness of this area. My skin is remarkably smoother as well. I also noted that my moisturizer works better when I use it combination with the elixir. Perhaps the exfoliating of the glycolic acid makes the moisturizer absorb better into my skin.Excellent product! 5 stars"
"For such a cheap price I was hesitant. But these work just as good as the more expensive ones I have purchased. The only down fall is one side of the plastic grip keeps falling off,. I could fix it with super glue if I think of that when I use them. great purchase."
"I was lucky enough to get this free from Influenster for testing purposes! Now I get to enter the Vaseline Brand Challenge and possibly win more!I've always been a Vaseline fan, but this spray and go takes it to a whole new level! I love that you can just spray it on, rub it in and go. It really is that quick! As all Vaseline products, this absolutely serves it's purpose! It only comes in 3 variaties, but going just by the names of the other two, they sound pretty great!On a side not...I hate, hate, hate most commercials, but the once for the spray and go are AWESOME!! Haha! I actually enjoy watching them! Now that is saying something!Anyhow, I would definitely recommend these to anybody, especially those who lead a busy lifestyle!!"
"Tried a ton of self tanners.  This was is a brown base, not orange.  Smells like soap.  You have to get their mitt to apply, and it's cheap.  Best stuff ever.  A customer for life."
"bouncy soft, pliable sponge. blends foundation, sheer application to build coverage. seamless application that blends easily. great for beginners and pros. forces you to wet and wash a little with every use (which is a good thing) good for dry skin because it does not exfoliate like brushes and pull up dry skin. pointed tip gets in perfectly under eyes to blend foundation and concealer. love the color too; very hot pink. worth buying the REAL beauty blender."
I picked this color out at a salon when I was having trouble deciding on a color. I fell in love with it. It is a beautiful shimmery color that is silver and a light gold color depending on what light it is in.
"I'm a natural redhead, so in the summertime, I use A LOT of sunscreen. I have been usingCoppertone Sport Sunscreen, SPF 50, 8 oz.- which while sweatproof, gets in your eyes and makes them sting. It also has a tendency to dry out my skin horribly. So, I was excited to try out this sunscreen.First, I love the smell - coconut-y, just a hint of flowery. It is very strong at first, but after wearing for awhile, it isn't as strong, and just kind of reminds you of coconut oil & the beach.Application is easy, and NOT greasy like the sport formula is after you put it on. It just soaks in nicely.As far as efficacy, as I said I am a natural redhead, and need 50+ SPF for a reason. The 30 SPF just will not cut it. After an hour & a half-ish in and out of a swimming pool, I was starting to get pink on my chest. So, if you are pale-skinned and prone to burning, upgrade to the SPF 50 of this great sunscreen.After being in the pool and drying off, my skin was not dried out; even after showering with my usual mild soap & not lotioning, my skin was still smooth & moisturized.I will definitely be buying this again - just in the SPF 50."
"I have type ""2C"" hair, highly porous, frizzy and thinning.I used a generous amount of product - at first I thought I used too much in addition to my gel. But - it dried SO beautifully - my hair looked BETTER than it has in A LONG TIME. It also smells great.MY HAIR LOOKS VERY HEALTHY and THICKER. Also love that all the ingredients are ALL NATURAL.Enjoy and God bless :)"
"I can't praise this product enough.  The Biore Daily Cleansing Cloths are amazing.  They are easy to use and work like a dream.The package states that these cleansing cloths clean, exfoliate, and leave your skin healthy and glowing.  TRUTH!With a 60 count package, these cloths will feasibly last two months; at just seven and a half dollars plus some change, that is a deal to have clean, soft, and healthy looking skin.  It doesn't take away wrinkles or anything like that but it does soften your face and leaves it feeling clean and youthful looking.One of my favorite all time products.Natalie S. for Amazon Vine"
"I've tried many BB creams and they all fall short of this one. I'm very pale and cool toned and shade 21 matches my skin perfectly. My skin type is very oily, sensitive, and acne prone and I really think this cream has made my skin better over the last year. It doesn't make me a shiny mess, doesn't need a primer or powder, doesn't feel heavy, but still gives nice, buildable coverage. A lot of BB creams (particularly Asian brands) are heavily scented but this one not so much."
"Works great for my hair and skin! I use it everyday! My skin looks and feels great! I added to coconut oil, so my hair and skin smell great! Thx a lot!"
All the colors of this palette closely match those of the Nude 2 palette. I can get the same results for $40 less than the Urban Decay product. As long as these are used with an eyelid primer the colors last all day (shimmer and matte).
Love this product. I bought it once from ulta and felt in love with it. The only difference is the price. Ulta have it for $39.99 before taxes. I'm very happy I got this deal.
Works well but my skin on my face has a slight bit of patchy dryness and the bronzer really over colors it on the first day.  After I wash off bronzer it's fine.  Wish they made it without bronzer.
"I initially only picked this eyebrow pencil because of its ranking on the EWG Skin Deep database and the Maybelline brand. I have been pleasantly surprised with the quality and the soft, subtle look this pencil gives. The pencil glides well and itsn't overly heavy."
I bought this because I do kids nails pretty often. I really helps them sit still long enough for the polish to dry.
I bought to to replace my clarisonic brush head and love it!  Way less expensive and works just as well if not better!  Will be a repeat customer for sure!
"These files are great! They have a coarse side and a fine side. It is plastic that is a bit flexible as you file your heels, which is nice. It is also great that it is a multi-pack so that I can keep one in the bathroom, one by my bed and one even in the car for emergencies. At their current price, they're also cheaper than anywhere else I've seen."
I love using these for special blends of essential oils to make them easier to apply. A couple of the rollers &#34;balls&#34; popped off after a few uses. The other 22 work perfect. Still worth every penny.
easy brush to work with and very precise
This musk oil has been a favorite for a very long time and when I could not find the oil locally I check with amazon and its just as pleasant as ever.
"I have been using this in conjunction with the eye serum and the anti aging serum. I am loving this cream. It goes on light and grease free, and has a delicate floral fragrance that makes me feel ultra pampered. My face is definitely healthier looking now that I have been using this. My skin had been looking old and dry, but since I have been using this product it has started to glow again. As far as face creams go, this one is wonderful."
"I got this straightener a few days ago and have used it twice and have been pretty happy with it.*I love the digital temperature display and the 'ready' light that comes on once the iron has heated.*I like the 1-hour turn off feature, as a matter of fact I know I accidentally left it on today, and it was off when I came home*there are 6 bars that disappear every 10 mins so you know exactly how much time is left while you are using it-to reset the bars (if you need more than an hour) just turn it off then on again*Comes with its own carrying case*I didn't like how easy the buttons were to push while using itThe actual straightener wasn't as smooth on my hair, but it straightens really well and it didn't catch or pull hair like a lot of straighteners do."
"I love Philsophy products and this one is a winner! It smells wonderful (like honeysuckles) and the good thing about this shower gel is that the scent stays with you long after you have showered. It smells so clean. As with all Philosophy products, this lathers well and only takes a small amount. If you're not fond of floral scents I suggest that you do not purchase this product because it smells strongly of flowers."
"I've reviewed this before.  I'm a huge fan of tumeric cream, medicinally.  The sandalwood base is smooth and smells great.  The cream fixes multiple skin issues and seems to also lighten skin discolorations due to sun.  I use it daily, and have for years.  Good for men and woman, and kids.  Have even used it on my dog.  Excellent all around skin healing cream."
"I have naturally curly, course red hair that tends to frizz in the summer.  That darn humidity and my Irish hair make it tough to have a good hair day in the summer until now.  Normally, I wear my hair up in a bun or braided all summer but this stuff works really well.  I used it in my hair while wet then dried and styled as usual  and then worked another dab of it in while dry and it really does help eliminate the frizz.  It's not an all day solution but it does help and you can reapply while dry.  Just a heads up for those that are bothered by this, it does have a bit of a perfume-like smell but it smells nice and not too overpowering.I recommend it to anyone who needs a little extra help with their hair during the humid months or just wants to moisturize.  It's rather pricey, but it's about the same as what you would pay in a Salon and works just as well, if not better in my opinion."
"I like this moisturizer, the smell was not bad and it is my go to moisturizer on most days.  I also like the packaging, it makes it easy to get just what you need out."
Lots of colors and shapes. Some of the gems were mixed but very happy with my purchase. Would buy again.. If I ever run out ;)
I had tried many different conditioners that claimed help for colored hair and was disappointed.  This seems to work as I have used it for almost a year.  I get my hair professionally colored every 8 weeks and the color does not seem to fade
"I've been using this for under 3 weeks, and I have noticed a difference in my irritated red skin. My nose is the tricky part, and seems resistant to this, though. The cleanser is nice and gentle, although I have VERY sensitive skin and did experience that brief burning the very first time I used it. This went away quickly and did not happen again. It's seems very calming, it does not dry out your skin.I'm not sure about the mechanics of this, but it's yellow in color, and having experimented with many redness-correcting makeups, I know that yellow is what counter-acts red. So I'm concerned that it's just trying to keep the yellow on my skin to dull the red appearance. Just something to think aboutOverall, though, I don't regret trying this, and I may even buy it again when it runs out."
"This product came very quickly - faster than I thought it would. It is more brown than the picture. The picture shows a purple/blue color, this is more brown. A little disappointing but I'm sure I will still use it."
"This cuticle pusher is so comfortable and is the best I have used thus far.  It is so thin that it really digs in and pushes that cuticle back with minimal effort.  I am going to purchase another one for pedicures as well.  The scoop on the end can be used as a curette, nail cleaner and also good to remove excess nail polish from the sides to clean up your manicure."
"I love the dispenser getting the right amount and not having to touch/squeeze there by not getting the bottle sticky and messy. Also liked the product I have normal skin not too dry not too oily not many complaints...and the products works, it is cleaner and clear BUT it is also so dry. Only complaint really is it very drying but I use a moisturizer after cleaning up so its not a big problem for me. Give it a try."
"I love Suave products.  I buy their body wash and their shampoos and conditioners for my family, and I like them because they are decent products at a good price.Currently I am a huge fan of theirSuave Professionals Moroccan Infusion Color Care Shampoo.  I've ordered it several times because it leaves my hair with shine and without flyaways, nor flat and thin looking.I'm not experiencing the same happiness with the Suave's NATURAL INFUSION SEAWEED AND LOTUS BLOSSOM shampoo.  It gives 'body' but at the expense of dryness.  And I realize that this is usually one of the trade-offs.  If my hair was short, like my daughter's, this would be fine.  In fact, my teen really likes this shampoo. But that's because her hair is short and she doesn't have to worry about drying damage. If it's dry, her stylist just adjusts her cut.As far as fragrance I thought it was nice and subtle. Sudsing was typical of Suave's shampoos. So it was just the drying that was too much for me and my mid-back length hair.LIKE IT. Just think it is better for short hair, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it to people with processed hair."
All good quality. Wish it had an acrylic brush and a thin nail art brush but what can u ask for for a few bucks. Worth it stil.
"I had my gallbladder removed on Dec. 21, 2013 and was left with raised incision scars that sometimes become irritated and tender. Sometimes they are painful. I have started using this oil on them and I am getting a lot of pain relief. They have also shrunk some and lightened in color.I have been using this oil on them for about 2 weeks now. I'm glad I bought this oil."
These are wild! Love the colors. I love false eyelashes and the assortment is great. Great fun wearing too! I love colored mascara but I don't use if enough to buy many different colors of mascara. Reuseable false eyelashes are more economical!
"I have tried a lot of products, and this was the only one that faded stubborn brown areas on my jawline and neck.  Faded them pretty quickly too.  I a very happy with this and will reorder!"
"The rough side isn't too rough as some of the reviews say. Its nice and small so i can store it easily. The only problem is that after using it five or six times I noticed a weird discoloration. I don't think theres any problem with a bit of color, and it might just be a bleaching effect from the face wash I'm using."
The toner with a great and big bottle is nice.  I had an issue with the bottle for the cleanser but did not have the same issue with the toner. I love proactive products!
"I love it. Great for the lower lash line, to make my eyes look bigger. It's very opaque, it's very good.I will definitely repurchase this."
I do not normally wear lip color and I have a hard time finding one I really like.  This color is great and it goes very well with a blush I bought on your sight.
"Cute little iron. I bought this at a discount designer store (TJM) and I thought I would try this one. Worst case if I didn't like it for my regular iron I could use it for travel. I LOVE the small size. It's very small - I'm guessing no bigger than 8 inches long and my aging hands can grip it comfortably. The iron itself is only a half inch wide and it does have to do double duty on my very long wavy hair. It doesn't have temperature control but it does get really hot. Overall I like this flat iron, I would probably buy it again to use as a supplement to a bigger flat iron. It is nice for touch ups and it is small enough to do the wispy hair close to my ears which I can't really get very well with a larger iron. I would recommend for someone who has short hair. If you want your hair to be completely straight and you want your hair straightened in one pass, buy a bigger flat iron because it will take a LONG time with this mini flat iron. I'm rating this a 4 because of it's size."
"This has become my favorite shampoo. It is a thick cream that doesn't fall off your hands like a gel. Just a small amount goes a long way. The fragrance is great. I live in a dry climate and have always had dry skin. This worked so well on my scalp, I'm using it as a body wash and noticing my skin is not drying out like it used to. I like the smooth skin feel when I get out of the shower. If only this had been available when I was using coal tar shampoo that smelled."
"The brushes overall are good quality. I rate the eye brushes 5 stars b/c they work great for applying cream or powder eyeshadow and have not had a problem with any of them. The powder brush, however, have been acting up recently. My powder brush handle broke off last week and it began shedding after one wash. Nothing some crazy glue can't fix, but it's still inconvenient. Other than that, these brushes I believe are definitely worth the price, especially if you're a beginner at make-up like me."
"I love Aveeno Anti-Itch Concentrated Lotion!I'm super allergic person. So I need somethingthat's non-allergic. This one seems to work.I love it,Takako Masuda"
"I really like how this brush works without streaking my face up.  Also, I've had no hairs fall out of it which is a major plus."
"This product did exactly what I hoped for - nice lather ( do any of you notice some products refuse to do this? ) and has a nice scent.I like the notion that you smell it in the shower, and when you get out ( clean, fresh), but it DOES NOT overpower you, as you go about your day.Easily as good as, or better high-end department store brands.  This is something I will continue to buy, without question."
I am a makeup artist so I use these a lotgrips lip gloss better than most disposables and don't break super easilygood value compared to buying in Sally Beauty and getting half as many for the same pricea much better value for your money than in store
"This Biosilk is the real product.  I was a little worried when I read the negative reviews claiming this is not the real product.  In fact, I was so worried that I went to a salon and spoke with a hair stylist.  I explained what my concerns where and then she looked at the product picked it up and shook it.  After shaking the product, the consistency and smell was exactly the same as the open bottle she had been using her salon.Furthermore, if you take the time to read the directions on the back of the bottle it says ""Shake well before use.""  So I think people should take the time to read the instructions before they claim that something is a fake or a bad  product.I have been an Amazon shopper for many years and I spend a lot of money here.  I have only had one or two bad experiences with the products they sell. It is true that some of the sellers using amazon's market place may not be on the up and up but Amazon will usually handle any issues you have with them too.I am an Amazonian for life."
"Admittedly, I'm not a big fan of styling mousse. My short, fine textured, colored hair feels weighed down by lots of styling products. I regularly use Dove Moisture shampoo w/o additional conditioner, other than a tiny amount of Dove's leave-in conditioner for color treated hair when my hair might get frizzy from dampness, wind or cold weather. The Dove Hair Styling Oxygen Moisture Leave In Foam feels like any other mousse product I've used in the past when my hair was longer. Meaning, it felt sticky upon application and a bit stiff when my hair dried. For that reason, I was tempted to rate this product 2 or 3 stars, but then figured if a potential customer reading this review LIKES mousse products and (especially) blow dries or otherwise styles her hair with heat (which I don't), she might give it 5 stars. Therefore, I've rounded up to 4. Your overall satisfaction with the foam will depend on the length and texture of your hair, and how you do--or don't--style it. What I didn't find was any added body to my hair. Again, a blow drier might be necessary to achieve that effect?"
"I love all Ardell lashes, those are very natural looking."
"Have used it for over three years. Makes my skin radiate, softer, texture smoother,and smooths pores. Not sure if it helps keep my skin clear ( I don't have problems with breakouts or pimples and such) or wrinkles as I don't have those yet. No weird smell or taste. Bottle last a long while as the pump is small. Sometimes I just half pump and it is enough to cover my face. I can apply it day or night with no irritation. Doesn't change the lay of my makeup when I wear it during the day. Has never broken me out or made me red.On par with Lancme skin care products ( which I use also). I ran out of my Lancme, found this, and this,40 carrots, did it's jobs for a year.  Worth it"
"This bottle of Vitamin C Serum is a perfect 2 fl oz bottle that keeps its beneficial properties because of the dark brown bottle, which blocks out the light to avoid the Vitamin C to lose its strength.A little bit about Vitamin C :Stimulates The Synthesis Of CollagenMakes The Skin Appear More Youthful, Vibrant, And, AliveNatural Antioxidant of Vitamin C Will Improve Damaged Skin By The SunIncreases The Skin's Rate To Exfoliate For A Brighter, Smoother ComplexionWhen your using Poppy Austin Vitamin C Serum, your receiving a larger bottle verse the rest ( more for the money), you're still getting high quality Hyaluronic Acid Serum, and Organic Jojoba Oil. It's naturally derived and uses organic ingredients. A safe product for Vegans and deeply moisturizes with the Jojoba Oil.The Poppy Austin Vitamin C Serum is quite loved by myself.  When using this product on the face, you won't feel it leave the skin sticky or icky in any way. The product comes out nice and clear, while gets absorbed right into the skin without leaving a trace of stickiness or moisture on the face.Right after applying, you will notice the glow immediately and how brighter the skin looks will just make you feel more positive about the day and about your appearance.  It's a wonderful product and if you could change your face naturally, without surgery or going through some horrible chemical peels, than why not try it!  Remember you won't have to lose anything, if you don't like it Poppy Austin would be glad to refund your money back guaranteed."
I haven't used these yet but I am very please with my purchase. Looks like decent quality. Arrived on time and for the price you can't beat it.
"I received a low value free gift from the manufacturer for posting this review. I was not required or compelled to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with FTC 16 CFR, Part 255.This product is a semi-clear gel with a soft very appealing &#34;cucumber like&#34; scent, non-sticky, non-greasy, and very easy to apply.My dark circles have not disappeared entirely, yet I have notice a difference as they are much lighter and the skin around my eyes does not seem as tiered as it was a few weeks ago. Truth be told the recommendations are to use this product 2 times a day and I have just been using it ones, maybe the results would be more noticeable if I had been using it morning and night.I like that it&#8217;s fast absorbed by the skin, it does not need rinsing, and it can be used under makeup. Recently I have not purchase similar products but this is definitely a good start to be include in our renovated beauty routine.If you would like fast results you have to apply it more than ones a day.I wrote a more detailed review at our site, you are welcome to check it out at craftyspices {dot} com"
"I tried this at the mall. The cost was much higher than threw amazon. I am pleased to find the same product at an affordable cost. The serum absorbs then I fallow with the eye cream. It works wonders! A tiny amount goes a lonng way, should last for many months."
Amazing for a natural look!!!! All colors suit my skin tone. Maybelline has fantastic palettes. Will definitely purchase Again!!!!! Cheap beginners make up alternative
"I love using this on the dry parts of my combo/oily face, especially soothing after washing and shaving !  I don't think this available in the stores anymore!"
Love these for eyelash dying. Use a clean one for moisturizing eyelashes with olive oil. Keeps everything clean and sanitary
"Refreshing and easy to useIn general, I use a liquid cleanser to remove my make-up each night, but there are days I'm just too tired. I've had a package of Korres facial wipes I've used for those days, and they are pretty good but didn't always remove all my make-up.The Simple Kind wipes work even better. They are large and one wipe - folded to use each section - will get all your make-up off, even mascara. They seem good for my skin and didn't cause any irritation. I really like these wipes and will replace them when these run out. Recommended!"
"I really like the coverage of this mineral powder.  I am slightly allergic to parabens and dimethicone and this powder has both of them. I have to be sure I have my natural moisturizer well absorbed and I apply a light natural foundation before this powder; then I don't have any reaction - I only use this powder every other day.  Even though I purchased Translucent Fair 1, my face doesn't look pale, the powder blends well and gives some 'life' to my skin.  I will continue to purchase this product as long as my skin can handle it.  I have used this powder on and off for over a year."
"I have only recently used this sunscreen during the recent heat wave here in the Northeast.  This sunscreen has been terrific, there is a  non-greasy almost invisible mist spray that is perfect for those that exercise or spend a significant amount of time outdoors.  I have beautiful brown skin, but learned a few years ago that despite being predominately African descent, its still important for us to protect our skin as well and after years of sunbathing I am lucky not to have skin damage.  I highly recommend this product thus far and hopefully things will not change."
This is hand down the best brush set I have ever owned. I still use several of the brushes including the flat top buffing brush which is my favorite! The bristles are soft yet they hold just a right amount of product. They do not scratch my skin nor they shed after countless times of washing them. The stipple brush is also a good one for liquid foundation. The fluffy eye shadow brushes are of very good quality! I will definitely repurchase this set or even better try out the elite set which looks promising as well :)
"This is an incredible straightener.  It heats up in seconds, literally!  I love the fact you can control the temperature setting.  The width of the ""iron"" is great and works great for really thin hair (mine) and thick hair (my daughter's).  My 25 year old daughter and I are very impressed with it.  She pushed and pushed for me to buy a Chi!  She hates to admit it but she's impressed and amazed how great it works."
"I wear sunscreen daily with my moisturizer but usually a factor 15.  There are times however, when I expect to take a long walk at lunchtime when I need extra sunscreen protection.  For these types of days and also for when I go out to the coast this would be perfect.The bottle says it has no fragrance, but it definitely smelled like sunscreen to me.  Not a bad thing, just an observation.  As far as moisturizer, I would have to say this is more of a sunscreen than a moisturizer, and it does go on thicker and made my skin a little glossier until it is all rubbed in, but for a good high spf sunscreen with the added benefit of a moisturizer I would definitely recommend.  This, in fact would be perfect for my husband who works a lot outside doing projects but who's skincare regimen is not what you would call regimented.  A perfect one two punch of protection and moisture.I would recommend if you are outdoors a lot and are looking for a product that also moisturizes your skin."
"This is a good sunblock but blocks cancer causing UVA better than UVB (sunburning UV).  The Coppertone sport keeps me from burning better and seems to last longer yet is has almost not UVA protection.  The water proof side of this lotion is not nearly as good as the Coppertone either.  This Neutrorgena rated #1 on Consumers Reports as well.  Unlike many other water proof lotions and sprays, this product goes on dry and feels more like a powder that lets your skin breath than a stick shell.  Weigh your options.  Want no sunburn then use something else, want a little sun and not cancer causing UVA use this."
"I love this color! It's a linear holographic black/grey. The holo isn't really, really pronounced, but it looks great with its subtle reddish holo halo. It's pretty solid in just one coat, but looks better with two. It dries nicely, doesn't streak and for a black, it's not super-dark because it's frosty, so it is versatile and not overly goth."
Not only do I get complements about the way I smell. This oil is a nice accent to other perfumes. I prefer to go with something that has a flowery smell. My personal favorite is Butterfly Flower. (I will post a link below). It&#8217;s very light and as the smell of the other perfume fades you get a nice lingering waft of the Egyptian Goddess that you will never be. It&#8217;s kind of heart breaking because you smell it all day.DO NOT rub this on your wrist! It is an oil. It is shiny and it does not like your bracelets! It wants your bracelet to be ugly and dirty while somehow managing to smell like heaven. You will have to wash your bracelet with dawn because it is an oil and therefore water is not enough&#8230; by all means try jewelry cleaner. That said. I have learned my lesson and I dab the roller behind my ears and on my antecubital.
I saw this solar oil at a beauty supply store in the mall for $11.  I paid less than $8.  This solar oil absorbs into my nails quickly and very well.  I am very happy with this product.  I'm thrilled with the price!
"pros:-dry fast- erases bubbles , imperfections- really shinycons:-chips 2 or 3 days later- has a weird , illegal, dangerous ingredient that produces birth defects.what i do when i apply it, is hold my breath lolz i dont even know if that helps but its something :D"
"I have copious experience with various conditioners across a broad range of lines from higher end salon-type to the lowest, cheapest stuff. I've found that the conditioners at the lowest end tend to mainly improve the ability to comb out hair and those at the highest end do the best job with smoothing and enhancing shine. In the middle, you tend to get a little bit of both of these and, if you're lucky, good body retention and texture.My hair is very long, thick, and wavy. I'm 49 years old so my hair tends to be dull. This conditioner did a great job with my hair's texture - it was quite soft after using it. It also helped with combing out to an adequate extent (which given the copious amount of hair that I have, that is good). It didn't do much for shine, but it did help with flyaway hair on the top of my head and did a bit of smoothing, but left hair frizzier (especially the underside of the longer strands) than I might have expected. The scent is mild and pleasant. As a mid-level product, I think it squarely occupies a good space. Given the price point ($4.98) at the time of this review, I think it's a solid option for someone who wants something on the mild side which has the strongest point of texture enhancement."
"After running out of our usual California Baby and not wanting to venture to Target, we decided to give this a go(I puffy heart Amazon Prime). I am so glad we gave this a try. Not only is it cheaper then our usual go to brand, but it works for Mom and Dad too. I've been putting a dab of this under my makeup and it doesn't give me a ghostly white appearance and has zero smell. The ingredients are natural so there are no parabans or 50 billion syllable chemical compounds that I have to Google to make sure it won't give my kids a 3rd eye in 20 years. It goes on evenly and doesn't feel thick or gluey and I feel like my skin can actually breath. Plus with it being easier to apply, my squirmy toddler is done that much quicker, which makes the entire process a heck of a lot easier. I've already ordered the spray version of this as well and I can't wait until it comes too. Our niblets have super sensitive skin so I'm glad we have a way to protect them without the risk of a rash later."
I like this concealer and think it works very well! It doesnt clump up and blends very well with my skin
"ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE!Originally bought 2 of these for doing my Gelish  gel manicures .. one for alcohol and one for acetone.  Ok so you have to be careful to have your finger with cotton over the spout when you push it down .. or it spouts all over .. BIG DEAL!  The convenience of this bottle over dealing with opening and closing bottles .. PLUS picking up bottles and tilting EVERY time you want to use it .. forget it!  I'll deal with a little inconvenience of learning the little idiosyncrasies of this great little bottle!Now today as I was watching my husband deal with opening and closing his alcohol bottle to clean for his diabetic shot .. I realized .. WOW .. I have these bottles for my ""vanity"" use .. didn't even think of my poor husband .. how convenient it would be for him to have this bottle for his daily diabetic use!  Yeah for this versatile little bottle!  Vanity PLUS health!UPDATE:My husband has found this invaluable for alcohol cleansing of skin prior to his insulin shot .. am now going to reorder a 2nd one for our summer home .. he does not want to be without it!"
"I have used Jason products for many years, mainly because they do not test on animals. I believe that is very important to many people. This body wash lasts a  long time, just one pump onto my fluffy wash thing, (I never know what they call those little round net things we have so many of), anyway, one pump is enough to supply a ton of foaming suds that make you feel so clean and it rinses off so easily. Leaves my skin soft and not dry. I am a great fan of this body wash because I do like tea tree oil for it's antiseptic properties,  and  I also buy the lavender one, for it's soothing effect. I alternate between the two of them.  It is a great bargin for the price considering how much body wash we use.  I think it would be good for a large family of kids because the Koala bear is just too cute."
I use the hair coloring when my color is fading.  My hair dresser likes it because it is not a permanent color.  I would recomend it to others.
"I see a lot of reviews from people who obviously don't understand what a protein treatment is and who it's used for, then blame the product when it doesn't turn out the way they expected.This is a shampoo/conditioner that's fortified with PROTEIN. This isn't for everyone.If you have dry hair - this is not for you.If you don't have chemical or heat related damage - this is not for you.If you consider your hair normal - this is not for you.Protein treatments are meant to repair damage. This product works AMAZING for that. The problem is protein treatments are also drying. If your hair is already dry I would highly recommend putting some time in to hot oil and deep conditioning treatments to bring back the moisture in your hair before you start using these. Keep in mind, dry and damaged are not the same thing. Your hair can be damaged and not dry. If you don't have damage/breakage you aren't going to see any results beyond your hair drying out slightly and for obvious reasons you'll be disappointed.I also recommend every three washes using a deep conditioner instead of these products. If your hair can handle solely using these products great, but most peoples can't. Even if you think you're hair is taking these products fine you should still throw in a deep conditioner (my fave is B&B;) just because it will more than likely improve your hair even more.As far as my experience goes with buying these on Amazon............ I won't do it again. This product smells amazing to me and when I opened the conditioner it had little to no smell. I'm not sure if it was old, or it had been diluted..... but either way I'm not taking any chances. I'll just buy from a reputable salon from now on."
This is my go to detangler before I prepoo or wash my hair.  It works very well at getting all my tangles out and doesn't dry my hair out.
"I bought these for a gift, but only after I bought a set for myself.  They do have a little smell to them, but after you wash them they are fine.  The holder is what really has the smell, but is just the product material and it is NOT a bad smell.  It just kind of reminds me of the way leather has a smell.  Will order again when I need new brushes."
"This is the best topcoat out there!It dries your nails super fats so you can move on with your life and do other important things rather than sitting there waiting for your nails to dry. It protects your nail polish very well so they last a very long time, without chipping or getting messed up. Awesome product!!!!"
"I like it, it does a good job but its not amazing. Its not the best afro pick out there but its still good.  I wouldnt buy it again for the price but I do like the look of it and the color"
Fragrance free (or so mild it's not noticeable). Moisturizes deeply but not so thick that it feels heavy. Great for these harsh winter months. Priced better on amazon than at my local stores. I mix it with petroleum jelly or shea butter and lather my feet before bed which keeps my feet soft and cuddle friendly ^_^
"Takes 3 coats but this color is awesome, get tons of compliments on it whenever I wear it. Chips a bit easily though"
Love this palette. It has all the neutral colors you would ever need. Great color payoff and long lasting. I believe that I bought this product a couple of months ago and have not hit pan. I use the product nearly every d&#8203;ay.
"Love this toner- Got in a a monthly subscription box and if it wasn't so expensive I would buy more- It made my face feel so good and clean, took makeup off easily and smelled so good!"
"Featured TWO full size polishes.Hesitated buying without other feedback, but the price was excellent--the light alone is usually $70.Included gloves, set of mini ph bond, cuticle oil, foundation, and top coat, two full size polishes, LED light with Usb cord AND wall adapter, orange stick, disposable nail file, soak-off remover, nail prep liquid, plastic --all you need to do a full manicure right out of the box is the cotton!Manicures and pedicures last two weeks on me, and I am not easy on my nails. My nails have always been prone to chipping, but are nicely protected by Gelish. Apply each coat with thin strokes (you don't need the ph bond beforehand and I don't plan on repurchasing it separately), and there isn't much of a learning curve. Youtube has tutorials if you need them, but anyone who has done their nails with regular lacquer could easily do this system. Most people seem eager to overcomplicate the steps, but they are:-Dehydrate nails with the cleanser--this makes the gel stick.-Apply foundation in thin coats (do NOT get it on the skin: it will lift and eventually peel the polish off more quickly), and remove any excess. I use the included orange stick to wick away extra fluid, which is sticky rather than runny. Cure under the light. You can't really overcure, so I do two clicks. The light is activated by push button, but turns off when it's finished the cycle.-Apply polish. With each thin coat, cure again.-Apply top coat and cure.-Wipe nail with cotton soaked in cleanser to remove the tacky layer left behind. The nail is dry and color will not lift, but you must remove the residue.Soaks off easily, but I always find myself peeling it when it starts to lift. Much like baking a crepe, it peels away when it's ready to be removed. Lasts about two weeks on my hands, three plus on my feet. Peeling it off without soaking it does make my nails a little messy, but I apply a lot of cuticle creme (I like the Burt's Bees rather than the supplied Gelish) and my nails don't look worse for wear after an hour.I'm addicted. This product makes your nails look as though you had literally enameled them, making them tough and almost distractingly shiny. The LED light makes me feel less guilty about how often I do my nails now--since I bought the product I haven't gone a day without gel polish."
Lovely texture that delivers  gentle but thorough cleanse. antibacterial properties a major plus. I bought multiples so I could have a fresh one every day.
I absolutely love this scent on my husband and he is always getting compliments when he wears it.  The scent lasts a long time and he loves to wear it all the time.  It is now his favorite cologne.
I am so pleased with this stamp plate! The quality is just as good as Konad brand. I have big hands and I had no problem covering my entire thumb nail. I will definitely order more of these in the future.
This files my nails perfectly. I am very pleased with the outcome when using this and it has a warranty.
Love this set. Use it almost every day. Perfect for the more muted tones that go well with red hair and hazel eyes
"I purchased this item to do my own shellac mani's. i really liked it. It was great, my mani's lasted forever. on the down side, the polish was so great that it made me think I had 'tephon nails' needless to say, I do not...thanks"
This dryer dried my hair so quickly!It saving me so much time and it is pretty quite too.Best hair dryer I owned.
"This is excellent.  There's just no other way to put it.  It has a fairly mild smell that I actually like; kind of a tree smell (since it is tea tree oil!), but not pine-like.  But best of all, it really works!!  I use it on my face and it helps it stay clear.  I read another review about using it on your feet and wow, was I amazed when I tried it!  I have suffered from excessively sweaty feet all my life.  I even tried prescription deodorants, but who knows what those chemicals can do to you.  I always get sick and feel cold because my feet are wet moments after putting on socks.  But I just rub a little tea tree oil (1/2 oil, 1/2 distilled water) on my feet every evening with a cotton ball and it practically stops the sweating!"
"I have had numerous surgeries for varying reasons over the years, so I have quite a few scars. I was excited to try the Rosehip seed oil to see if it really would diminish any of them. I've been using it on two of my scars and also in my hair for extra shine. I love the way it makes my hair look and feel. I have very dry scalp so my hair tends to be dry and brittle. This oil helps greatly with that. I haven't noticed a great difference in my scars as far as appearance yet, but I have noticed this makes my skin much softer and more supple. I am going to keep using it to see if I do get any results on my scars. This is a large bottle that will last you quite a while and only has a very faint scent."
Great comb did what it said. Combed thru my daughters and my hair without snagging or pulling. Would buy again an recommend.
"Ever since searching for makeup products that suit my preference, TheBalm came to my attention really quickly with their cute packaging and many raves about their makeup and after purchasing this i don't regret it at all. This palette really does provide with the perfect shades for nude looks and the shadows itself really run smoothly and have great pigment. The only thing I have bad to say about it is how crappy the brush it comes with is but other than that the packaging and shadows are what make the cake. I definitely recommend it and will buy more of their stuff."
"These are great files! It was nice to have 3 of them. I put 1 in my purse, 1 in my nail polish container at home and 1 in the bathroom. They work great and do not become dull after a lot of use."
"I've tried to curl my hair with about 6 different curling irons (2 regular barrel irons, the Instyler Rotating Curling Iron (it's heavy so your arms will hurt after awhile), 2 clampless irons and my Chi flat iron) with ok results when I decided to give this one a try.I have to admit that I'm kind of a novice at curling my hair but this one actually created the loose beachy waves I was going for and didn't take as long as the other irons I used.  I like that it has a clamp to hold the ends because when I was trying to use the clampless wands, I was constantly burning myself (didn't use the heat gloves that came with the clampless irons because they felt weird).I only wished that this came in a bigger barrel size hence the 4 stars instead of 5."
"Ultimate spot treater! Zaps down pimples before they get better. Can be used to conceal pimples too, if u manage to get it to a shade closer to your skin tone"
This is the real deal! I have used this BB cream for over 9 months with great results. My skin looks flawless when I wear it yet it has fairly light coverage. the color self adjusts after a few minutes on the skin. and the spf does not make me break out. this stuff actually improves my skin with every use. I will never se anything else. My only complaint is it is a little too light toned for me to wear in the summer months I wish you would make a shade darker for medium or dark skin tones. But still 5 stars all the way!!
"This box is actually way bigger than I thought! I like the quality of it. This box is able to hold all of my make up. With this makeup box, all my make up will be organized and I know exactly where to find my blushes, eye shadow, mascara and etc. totally wroth it! :)"
"I love Naked Bee products!  I discovered Naked Bee a few years ago and started with the lip balm and then lotion.  I now use this Shampoo/Conditioner for my kids hair.  I tried a couple other &#34;natural&#34; brands and was either unhappy with the smell, ingredients, or the feel of their hair after washing.  This one has a lovely scent and it leaves their hair clean and soft.  And I feel great that it has 70% organic ingredients.  Highly recommend this and other Naked Bee!"
"My skin is dry so I have to be careful with what products I use to clean it.  These Cetaphil gentle cleansing cloths live up to their name.Why I like this  product:* They are truly gentle.  My face felt clean, but not tight and dry, after using these.* There is no scent.  Baby wipes would probably be the next best thing, but who wants to smell like baby powder all day?* They are great for traveling.  I don&#8217;t like packing liquids when I travel.  The 3 ounce airport rule is such a pain.There is one thing I didn&#8217;t like about this product.  Although it claims to remove eye makeup, it didn&#8217;t do a very good job at removing waterproof mascara.  I had to keep rubbing it over my eyelashes, and even then it didn&#8217;t remove the bulk of the mascara.I am also not sure how economically practical this would be for everyday use.  It's more cost effective to use the Cetaphil liquid.  These are perfect for travel though."
"Right now I have it on. It's thinner than I thought, but it's comfortable and it doesn't slip. Though, it might have to do with the fact that it has some rubber band in them. They smell like rubberbands too. I'm not sure if it's latex, it can stretch and go back to place, like a rubber band.But it keeps hair in place. I use this to just keep my hair out of my face so I don't have to keep touching it and making it oily.I don't have thin hair, nor is it thick, and this fits well with my hair. I'm sure this would work well with fine hair, but I don't know about super thick hair. Maybe check out the 9mm if you have super thick hair."
"I've been looking for a lower priced make up brush set. Seeing as it is just for my own personal use, I cannot see spending upwards of $100.00 or more on a brush set. So I've been searching on amazon. I've come across this set a few times and really liked the way it looked. So I decided to give it a try. I ordered them 2 days later. I was so excited to open up the packaging! I opened it up and the case it comes in is very well made, not flibsy at all, with magnetic closures. Each brush was in it's own wrapper so I took off all of the wrappers and felt the quality of them. They aren't amazing quality, but they aren't bad either. The brush's themselves are a little course compared to others I've used. I wish they were a little softer, but I figured I'd still try them out. I did a full face of makeup using these brushes and they worked great! The coarseness of the brushes didn't make them harder to use, or less effective. Overall I am pleased with the brushes. For 12.99 you shouldn't expect MAC quality brushes, but I think you will be happy with the product."
Price was about the same as other stores. Arrived quick. I like the effect on my eyebrows. It give them shape and fills blank spaces. Easy to use.
"I've tried this alongside the related shampoo, Tresemme Renewal Hair and Scalp Shampoo. I note that I typically use about as much conditioner as I use shampoo in a given shower. So the 8 oz here will last for only 1/3 of the related 24 oz of shampoo. Squeezing the tube of conditioner leads to the product coming out much like an ointment as opposed to a liquid. Nevertheless, it goes into the hair easily and can be left on the scalp for a few minutes as directed without just pouring off your head. The product washes out easily at the end of the shower and leaves hair soft and scalp feeling clean and without dandruff (thanks to the tea tree oil, I suspect)."
"Just purchase this collection. It's worth it. Colors are truly beautiful, and yes they smell like fingernail polish! One of my favorite shade's is the metallic green. Too pretty. They're all sexy attractive colors. Not kiddie colors."
"3 inch diameter means for medium-long to long hair.  I have short hair so I will give this away to someone with much, much longer hair.  It is an OK brush, better made than Conair or Goody drug store brands.  This one is more &#34;Pro&#34; and lightweight, not decorative at all."
"This product works as described by other customers reviews.  If you have long hair, you will have to put it on top of your head prior to using plastic clear cap, then placing wrap on top of plastic cover.  I like I can walk around and do other things while wrap is conditioning my hair. I only wish it was a little bigger size."
"Color is beautiful- rich dark purple, goes on smoothy and has a nice shine.  Shade is perfect for any season but especialy now-going into fall"
I use this in the winter because in the midwest the air gets very dry and I tend to get static in my hair. When I use this it makes my static go away.
"SO I was afraid this was going to come to me melted, like some of the other reviewers said, but it DIDN'T!!! yay! lolSo Amazon wont let me upload a product photo, but I have a link to it on Flickr here: [...]The colors are bright, and pretty, the feel of them is definitely glossy, but not like a liquid gloss, more of a sticky like gloss which isnt so bad. I wasn't going for a super liquidy gloss anyways. They are pretty pigmented, I have light pinisk lips, so the colors show up nicely on mine, the bright pinks and hot bright colors look verrrrry nice. Great for summer! And has nice warm and cool tones for fall. Hope this helps :)"
"This dryer is designed to dry curly hair without blowing out the curl, but I used it to dry my ever-so slightly wavy hair to maximize volume. Even without the attachment, it does build volume if you just scrunch the hair. It doesn't seem to,get nearly as hot as my regular dryer, but it only took slightly longer to dry my hair. The real usefulness of this dryer, though, is to dry hair that has been rolled damp into Velcro rollers. That is,the longest lasting way to body into my baby fine hair, and no damage!I took off one star because it doesn't seem to get as hot as I'd like."
"This Drying Lotion has worked so well for me, my husband and my friends.  I've been using it for nearly 10 years whenever I have a pimple developing.  You can feel it's effect immediately and after a day or so of use the pimple is immediately reduced, sometimes doesn't even fully develop.  I recommend it highly!"
"I JUST ORDERED ANOTHER SET, I GAVE 1 TO EACH OF MY SONS AND HAVE 1 FOR MYSELF.  BUT I WANT TO MAKE SURE I HAVE MORE JUST IN CASE LOL.  I WILL ORDER ANOTHER NEXT MONTH, I WANT TO HAVE A DOZEN.  I CAN ALSO MAKE A GIFT BASKET AND ADD 1 INTO IT.  I LOVE IT, I FEEL SO CLEAN WHEN I GET OUT OF THE SHOWER, I'VE BEEN USING THIS SINCE I WAS VERY YOUNG.  I AM FROM THE ISLAND OF GUAM AND NOW LIVE IN THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS, AND FINDING THIS IN AMAZON.COM WAS AMAZING."
"I wanted this for Christmas and got it. I used it right away and its amazing. the steam not only is so healthy for your skin, it helps sore throats, stuffy noses, the works! My face feels so clean and healthy. Im going to be telling a lot of people about this =D"
"I've been looking for an Organic, Unscented, Foaming hand soap.I was starting to think it didn't exist.Why didn't I check Amazon.com first???Lesson learned!!!I LUV, LUV, LUV THIS PRODUCT!!!I WILL, DEFINITELY, RE-ORDER."
"A bit leery since I never used a mousse mascara before but this was great. It was nice, flexible, does not clump and it lasted all day long without smearing (even when eye-drops were used repeatedly.) and yet it washed off easily with soap and water.I was also impressed with the packaging a nice slim tube rather than the bulky flat tubes that seemed to be the latest marketing trend. Another big plus is that the silicone brush applicator is actually a VERY good one - precise and gentle, I've used other silicone applicators that were terrible!I will definitely be buying this product again and recommend this highly to everyone."
"Love this French Vanilla body cream. Out of all of the Camille Beckman products this is my favorite scent. I always try to have this and the hand cream around the house. I like to keep the smaller hand creams in my car console or purse too. Feels wonderful on my skin and absorbs quickly. The scent isn't too strong, it's light and delicate. The bottle is even pretty enough to keep out on the counter."
"This leaves a beautiful matt finish without being cakey.  It comes with a &#34;puff&#34;, but I use a brush to apply it instead.  The only thing I would change is that it's a bit difficult to open (in my opinion)."
"Dr Bronner's service rep said that this has a pH level of 3&#8230; which, assumed, that if the water was alkaline, this pH would be a bit higher than a 3.  Initially used ratio as per instructions - 1-2 capfuls per cup of water, assuming cup was 8oz.This was used as conditioner/ rinse for HOMEMADE SHAMPOO (1.5cups Organic Pure Virgin Coconut Milk + 1.75cups Aloe Gel) with an assumed pH level of between 4 and 6.  Turns out the combination tested (using pH strips) to be around 5.Out of curiousity, and because I wanted to truly test the pH levels, I ordered some of pH Test Strips&#8230;  WHOA!!!  The pH level for Dr B Rinse concentrate did not hit 3 at all &#8230; it was a 1!!!  Perhaps I misunderstood the rep and she meant it has a pH of 3 after it was mixed with water?  It was not!!!  Even 1 capful to 1 cup of water still had it at 1, maybe 2!!!  My water was about a 9 and adding the ratio (as per instructions) barely brought up the level.After a few tests, it turns out that only maybe about 2-3 drops of DrB Rinse + 8 oz water brings the pH level to a 3.  So if the correct pH level is critical for you, use pH Test Strips to test your shampoo, water and mixes before using these!!There are plenty of reviews for the combination of Coconut Milk+Aloe Gel Shampoo followed by ACV (Apple Cider Vinegar) Rinse&#8230; many stating that it could take weeks to get the &#34;greasiness&#34; on the hair out during the &#34;transition period.&#34;  Since I was not interested in ACV, I opted for this as the rinse - similar pH.  By testing out the actual pH, and having 5 for the shampoo and 3 for the rinse, I found that the transition took only 4 days.  Hair adjusted well VERY quickly&#8230; and air drying hair was actually good.  And less falling hair - perhaps because it's naturally detangles in the shower.EXCELLENT - as long as the pH is tested."
"I've tried lots of Argan oils over the years, and I'm a huge fan of Argan Oil, but sometimes some of them are not as 100% Pure, which is why I love the VoilaVe Argan oil, because it is! Also sometimes you find that some argan oil can have a weird, sometimes even nasty smell, but this Argan Oil has a very pleasant smell.If you haven't used Argain Oil, they really are an all-in-1 beauty treatment AND totally affordable! I love using my VoileVe Argan Oil for my skincare regimen, as well as my hair and nails.I have long, thick, super dry hair, and It's always in major need of moisture. This Argan oil is so incredible moisturizing, I have absolutely noticed a difference with my hair right away! I apply a little (you only need a drop or two) to my hair at night. I smooth through it, then throw it up on top of my head, and wake to super soft, moisturized strands. I also concentrate mostly on the ends of my hair to help seal in the moisture at the ends where I need it most. My hair has been so incredibly soft and manageable and I've also had no frizz since I started using this product daily! Amazing!Like my dry hair, I suffer from dry skin and nails too. I love using this argan oil daily on my cuticles to help moisturize them. It works as a really great moisturizer for nails! My cuticles have been softer since using! Also, I've recently been suffering from hang nails, but not since I've been using my VoilaVe Argan Oil daily on my nails!Lastly, you guessed it, I have dry skin on my face as well. I wash with a foaming cleanser morning and night, then apply my VoilaVe Argan oil as a moisturizer, and have not suffered from any dry skin while using it! A little goes a long way, you only need a drop or two, then pat your face, and that's it! Takes two seconds!I have used lots of argan oil on my face before and to be honest have not liked it because it tends to just sit on my skin and make it look and feel oily. The VoilaVe Argan Oil soaked into my skin right away! I only had to wait for a minute or two and then I could lie my head on my pillow, and no oil was coming off and onto my pillowcase (which has definitely happened with some argan oil products I've used in the past)!This makes an amazing moisturizer and is really so great for your skin! I also used it on the front and back of my neck, as well as the back of my hands, where I normally apply a night cream, to keep my skin looking moisturized, healthy, and youthful!I've absolutely loved using this Argan Oil from VoilaVe and highly recommend it to anyone looking for smoother, softer skin, hair, and/or nails! You will absolutely not be disappointed with this product!  AND you will save lots of $ by not having to buy several different products for your hair, nails, and skin, because this Argan Oil works for all three of them!"
"My hair doesn't get a lot of chemical processing (frankly I'm way past due getting the gray covered), and I don't blow dry it much (not many folks at the office care if we're perfectly coiffed or not), but it's always nice to give it some extra pampering anyway. The hair therapy comes in a box with seven very generous tubes that you're supposed to apply for seven days running for full repair. There was more than enough in one tube to cover all my hair, plus some left over to share or use another day. My hair came out very soft and shiny, this is a product I would use again. My only minor quibble is the scent is a bit strong, but I am sensitive to strong perfumes. I got a blast of the scent just opening the packaging it arrived in, and that's with the product box unopened. Still, it did dissipate rather quickly after it rinsed, or I got used to it. Not sure which :)"
"I used to wear this foundation when I was younger, since then I swiched to more expensive ""grown up"" foundations, but recently bought it again, because it was so cheap and remembered why i loved it so much. It's very creamy and flattering, great coverage, won't dry skin or cling to break outs, creates smooth and younger looking skin. Decent staying power and natural looking. might not be so good for overly oily skin or very hot climate though. I absolutely love it!"
"I use Perfective Ceuticals eye cream over the Perfective Ceuticals serum and then add a layer of Perfective Ceuticals cream for night time. In the morning, I repeat but add a layer of sunscreen.I took before and after photos three weeks apart and let my kids tell me which photos look better. I didn't tell them which was which, but they said the after photos look better because I ""look younger."" That's all I needed to know that the Perfective Ceuticals line of skin care products really work.The eye cream may be expensive, but just a little dab will do ya, literally. The directions to apply a pea-size amount is really too much. I describe it more as a pinhead-size for each eye. It's lasted me more than three weeks and hopefully much longer. This is something I want to continue using.This product was provided for review by Perfective Ceuticals."
This deal can't be beat.  Nail glue is so expensive in the stores and buying in lots of 10 is a great way to ensure to never run out of it!
"This is a nice shave gel. It only requires very little, as I learned from the first try, to apply a thin, foamy layer of shave cream that provides a close shave that leaves my face feeling smooth and hydrated. I will be happy to continue my use of Dove's Men+Care Hydrate + Shave Gel. It is an excellent product."
"I used to buy the Bare Minerals makeup brushes, which are somewhere around $25/$30 (for the foundation brush). These are really no different in terms of quality and they're not as expensive. They are very soft and have been holding up well (I've had them for several months and use the big brush at least four times a week). Would def recommend. No complaints.One year follow up: These brushes have held up wonderfully and I use the foundation brush very often. I actually washed the foundation brush as well as the smaller fat brush today with antibacterial dish soap and they wash great too! Looks like they are brand new after being washed...You won't regret this purchase!"
"I got a sample of this stuff at the mall, and I tried it that night and I had to get some more. I put about 3 squirts in my hand and applied it to the mid-end parts of my hair when my hair was kind of damp. My hair is really long, goes down to my lower back. I don't straighten it. Or blow dry it. Even when my hair air dries it's smooth, shiny and not frizzy at all. AND it doesn't weigh down my hair! It's amaaazing. I definitely recommend getting this product. Oh.. and it smells really good."
"Argan Oil has definitely been a miracle in our household. We love Argan oil and anytime we can get our hands on it, we jump for joy. My daughter and I have some really frizzy hair. I have wavy, frizzy, dried hair and my daughter has super tight, kinky, curls, it&#8217;s frizzy and hard to tame. Since we&#8217;ve discovered how well Argan oil has worked for us, it has become our go-to hair product.VoilaVe 100% Organic Argan Oil clearly states on the front of the bottle that it&#8217;s a &#8220;Miracle oil in a bottle&#8220;. Yes!! It is true. Well at least it is for my daughter and I. This has to be one of the best Argan oil&#8217;s we&#8217;ve ever used!! I love how it&#8217;s 100% PURE certified ORGANIC oil. This oil has really made our hairs shiny and healthy looking. Not only is it great for your hair but its amazing for the skin and nails too. It keeps your hair, skin and nails looking healthy, smooth and hydrated all day long!This Argan oil feels fresh, light and not greasy at all. It absorbs pretty fast too.  A little goes a long way, that&#8217;s for sure. I found that the best way to use this oil is to pump 2 pumps (more if needed) of oil in your palm and massage it onto your scalp and roots of your damped hair. Then using a comb or brush and brush it down to the end of the strands of your hair. This is to make sure that it coats nicely over your entire head. We usually leave it on overnight and wash it out the next day.I&#8217;m definitely going to use this Argan oil in some of my DIY beauty recipes! It&#8217;s so simple and easy to use that you can easily incorporate it into your daily beauty routine.So if you are looking to bring youthfulness back into your hair, skin and nails then I suggest you check out VoilaVe 100% Organic Argan Oil."
"AS the title says, this smells almost more like a deodorant or a cologne than a body wash. The only I can think of to describe it is an older version of old Spice. The only problems I've had with it is its not very... frothy I think is the word. Without a loofah or something similar you have to use a large amount to get full coverage, but otherwise this is really nice, and an added bonus it doesn't have any of that microbead garbage that makes it feel like someone spilled a handful of sand in your body wash."
the smell is so heavenly. the words that come to mind when i use this spray are hawaiin tropic hazy summer sweet musky. I use it just as a defrizzer because I hardly ever use heat on my hair. it makes my hair so soft and silky and easy to brush through. it's awesome. I would buy it just for the scent tbh.
"I tried this knowing that the whole bee line has so many benefits. I was honestly happily surprised to see the smooth results - looking younger.This is a great product to wear at home. Another reviewer liked the smell. Personally, that's the one part of the product that I'm not too crazy about, but it does not smell so bad that it would effect my purchase.Provides:Serum to reduce signs of fine lines - and it does that extremely well.Get this product if you're not sure WHICH one to get. It makes a  difference you will notice!"
"So I pretty much told my husband that since I, his dear wife, had a thing for Axe, he had to start using this in the shower.  For my fellow people who love Axe on their partners, I am pleased to say this leaves a light and delicious fragrance that kept me happy.  My husband, however, isn't really the type to use any sort of fancy scented stuff for his own pleasure and was seeking a product that would just do its job and get him clean.This is where a little more apprehension came in.  I have used the whole shampoo/conditioner/bodywash/etc combos before, with results often ranging from mediocre to completely useless.I'm happy to report this is something that does more than smell nice--it cleans.  As a shampoo/conditioner, this worked up to a good lather that rinsed cleanly without any residue for a nice, just-washed clean look that was respectably conditioned--what more can you ask for?  As a body wash, this gets lots of points.  Again, a good lather without residue.  This is also definitely a ""man wash"" with a not-as-gentle-as-the-ladies' stuff texture and cleaning power.  Some may not like this, but my husband, who generally uses soap, prefers this tougher cleansing.So this is not just some gimicky all-in-one that boasts a mild Axe fragrance.  It's good as a shampoo, a conditioner, and especially as a wash."
"Even in California, my hair is so dry and I have been using this olive oil cream for several months and it is great. It is also lightly scented and is very nice. The only issue i have is the bottle has to squished hard to get the cream out. Planning to buy the cup version of this next time so that it can be scooped out easily. The cream itself is excellent and very good for dry hair."
"I have chosen becouse it was recomanded by my friend.I am satisfied, it is good but not perfect.Yes i would recomend the product if you can not afford  expencive one.I have been experimenting with different products  to see how they work."
"This is an ideal color for many women because it falls in the *neutral* family.*FIJI*  is a truly beautiful baby pink color. Soft, yet certainly noticeable.( I will be buying some bottles of it this week on Amazon as the pricing here is very good!)You can wear it to work -  or casually/socially- and it  also really looks great for summer wear- from swimsuits to shorts to summery dresses.  And yes, I do refer to tips and toes!This shade will also look great come winter time. This is a pink that truly does well for many outfits/ occasions/ seasons.Baby Pink- especially this *FIJI* shade, is a color that rarely looks *wrong* on anyone that wears it.I am also thinking it would even work well for some brides who are not keen on the typical French Manicure look that is often used for brides.This is a respectable brand and performs well.If anyone is having problems getting enough coverage so that it is not translucent looking or streaky-do consider applying a base coat first.(You may actually find the need for less nail polish layers if you do this.)The base coat will help make coverage even- not streaky.*** THIS COLOR SHOULD NOT END UP LOOKING TRANSLUCENT, SO IF YOU FIND YOURSELF PUTTING ON TONS OF LAYERS- SOMETHING IS WRONG AND THIS IS WHAT I NOTICED SEEMS TO BE THE ISSUE:Some of the lighter colors( or polishes that seem kind of watery in content) really benefit from a base coat; especially now that certain toxic chemicals were removed from many brands.Some of those chemicals clearly made polish flow better or offered heavier coverage. So removing them did ,indeed, effect the performance of many polish brands/colors.Hey, I would rather have safer polish -  it is worth the trade off; even if you have to make some adjustments now with certain favorite colors you like wearing.Point is,one must realize this is why a lot of their favorite polish colors don't perform the same way anymore.If those chemicals were taken out- your long time favorite polishes might not go on the way they use to.Some people are aware of the removal of these chemicals- but many people are not.For any of the favorite colors you purchased, that now seem to go on poorly and you notice you're painting on excessive layers of polish to make them look opaque (and/ or) give the look of a smooth application( rather than streaky), it is time to consider that a base coat is probably  needed for them.If you love wearing polish- it really is worth the small investment to buy a base coat bottle and keep one around your home (or in your handbag/office draw).Basecoat at the ready is ideal; especially when trying new colors and brands- because once you open that new color/brand you just bought from the store,at your home, you never know when you will need the help of a basecoat.{ Keeping a base coat bottle at home-office or in your handbag,can save you a lot of hassle.}Don't give up on your polish until you see if a base coat helps.This is such a pretty color, I would hate to see people just assume it gives poor coverage, when that is not the case.GOOD LUCK TO ALL THOSE PEOPLE WHO FELL IN LOVE WITH THE *FIJI* COLOR!"
Got this for a trip to hold my makeup. Has lots of room and very pleased with purchase.  Would recommend.
"I have the Pearl Infused Remington blow dryer, use it everyday and love it.  I also love this ceramic hair straightener. With 2 inch plates it cuts your styling time in half.  Very smooth operation, beautiful styling of the implement, SUPER FAST heat up all at a great price make this a ""go to"" beauty product for anyone.I would love to also try the Pearl Infused curling iron.  I don't know if the ""pearl infusion"" has ANYTHING to do with the operation of this line of products, but whatever Remington is doing, they should continue to do so...Happy Hair!"
"Jergens BB Body Cream is a wonderful lotion to make your skin feel soft, look good, and smell wonderful.  I use this lotion immediately when I get out of the shower, and I'm happy to say that my skin looks and feel great after using it.  It's thick, absorbs quickly, and leaves my skin feeling smooth but not sticky.  While it works nicely, I didn't notice a remarkable change in my skin's overall look.  It did make my skin look a little brighter and more evenly colored because of the tint, however, it's not a huge dramatic change.  That said, you shouldn't expect miracles when using this product.  Overall, this is a solid lotion, and I wouldn't mind picking it up again."
"I bought this to save some time, but it takes about the same amount of time that it did to blow dry first and then flat iron my hair--that could just be me. Also, my best friend is a hairdresser and she told me that it's not the best thing for your hair. It's not generally a good thing when your hair sizzles... That said, the results were awesome. I had a few flyaways on top, but it was smooth, silky, and looked nice."
"Back in high school, my boyfriend would &#34;spike&#34; his hair. It was totally hot/cute but he would not let me touch it because he didn't want me to mess it up. When I did get a touch of it without his permission, it felt stiff. Well, this product has made that same look possible but girls, we can touch it! It's soft and will bounce back into place. Feels great, smells great, definitely a winner."
"I have very fine hair and hair clips usually slip out several times before I finish curling my hair in the morning.  I recently received and tried the croc clips. At first I thought that if the croc clip would hold my hair it would surely pull my fine hair out when I took it out.  But it didn&#8217;t!  It holds the hair in place and opens easily without pulling your hair out. Since they hold in place, I will definitely use them to separate my hair when I color it.  My daughter who has very thick wavy hair tried the croc clip while she straightened her hair and is very impressed with the hold it has for thick hair as well."
"I purchased this body and face wash for my son, and he loves the fresh clean smell. Not perfumery, nor overly cloying, just a clean scent. Dove is known for its years of soap and cleansers.The PR for Dove tells us &#34; it is clinically proven to fight skin dryness better than regular men&#8217;s body wash. This ultra-light formula deep cleans with purifying grains, then rinses off easily for total skin comfort.&#34; What my son has found Is a mild exfoliant to help scrub away dead cells, one of few body washes I've come across that does. It has a scent, but it is far from overpowering. Develops a decent lather.This is the best He has found so far and He has tried A LOT of body washes. He was using Aveeno's daily moisturizing body wash but that has now become his 2nd favorite. It leaves skin feeling clean, hydrated and refreshed!Recommended. prisrob 04-10-14"
This color is exactly the color shown. The price is so much cheaper then if you buy this from your local Beaty supply and its a bigger bottle.
"unfortunately this item sheds i had to redo the wefts and now it seems to be ok, if you dont mind dumping stitch glue or sewing the wefts over the material they used to make this is kanakilon dont think i spelled that correctly or any other words too early ack, but i would repurchase because the materials are great they wash great come out silky and shiny easy to care for eh i would give it another whirl for sure"
"Have been on a quest to find a moisturizer that would not irritate my overly sensitive skin.  I've tried many other moisturizers (Cetaphil, First Aid Beauty, La Mer, etc, but always something in the ingredients bother my skin, i.e. fragrance or other chemicals). Otherwise, discovering Neutrogena Naturals has been a God-send and am glad that it's been working well for my overly sensitive skin.  Have also used the other products (lip balm and night cream) with equal satisfaction.I will point out that some others have complained about the &#34;scent&#34; of the cream.  I would have to imagine that this &#34;natural&#34; cream would have an mineral smell due to the natural ingredients, but there is a pleasant, citrus overtone (at least that what it smells like to me) that does well to mask the mineral smell.  This citrus scent is fine for me and I actually like it alot, but I guess not everyone will like it."
I don't wear make up everyday. I typically only wear foundation when i have a break out and not only is this stuff lightweight but its skin clearing! This isn't a preventative its to help clean up the blemishes your getting or have an helps get rid of them.If i notice a spot i put a little on and within a day maybe 2 its gone typically.
"Love it! It didnt really cover my gray the first application, but the second time..perfect! My hair loves this stuff. Inhave short hair so I do a treatment once every 2 weeks.  The last time, I applied on wet freshly washed hair, sat under the dryer for a while, let it sit in my hair for a couple hours and then did a deep condition..OMG my hair was beautiful! Cant remember the last time I got compliments on my hair..I am a happy camper!"
"What is this miracle in a bottle l'oreal is selling and why haven't I heard of it before? In one week, Revitalift face and neck has erased two deep lines on my forehead, begun to firm my extremely saggy eyelids, and lightened some fine lines under my eyes. I use this product with my youth code serum and at 38 I've decided this will be my anti wrinkle treatment from now on. I always thought these type of products were scams, but Loreal has THE formula. An anti wrinkle cream that actually erases wrinkles!!!! who would have guessed?"
"Cursed with problem skin since pre-adolescence, I've definitely tried my share of products. I was pleased to try this scrub. It's fresh-smelling and leaves your skin feeling tingly clean. Also, you only need the smallest dab - put it in the palm of your hand and add a little warm water! I'll definitely be buying this again."
"I am in love with this product!  I have always hated using foundation, but powders never had the coverage I needed.  The first time I tried Bare Escentuals Bare Minerals, it looked terrible.  But after a little practice, it is by far, the best foundation I have ever used.  I have very blotchy skin, with dark red patches and acne scars.  This product gives me the flawless skin nature didn't!I have tried several of the competitor's products that claim to be mineral foundation, but none of them worked as well as the Bare Escentuals.  In fact, none of them worked at all for me!Be sure to follow the Swirl, Tap, Buff instructions, or it will not work right! I have also learned that using lotions of any kind before this product, will cause clumping in that area.  I use Mineral Veil before the foundation when I have recently used lotion, or need extra coverage.EDITED 6 months later -  December 30, 2009I have since stopped using this product, but still stand behind this review.  I have battled cystic acne and acne vulgaris for 20 years or more (NOT caused, or even aggravated by this product).  I have some signifigant scarring as a result of this.  As my skin has aged, the scarring has become more noticeable.  The Bare Minerals powder worked great to cover the redness of these scars.  But since the surface of my face is no longer perfectly smooth due to these scars, the powder actually makes them MORE noticeable.  I was very sad to give this product up, and I still think longingly of it while slathering on my goopy foundation.So basically, Bare Minerals is wonderful, and I still highly recommend it.  But if you have pits from severe acne scarring, it may not be the product for you."
"I have used this product off and on for years and it grows your lashes thick and long. However, I will admit you need to keep using it regularly after your lashes grow back."
"This is the best brush I have purchased for my daughter's fine, straight, red hair that tangles easily. With all other brushes we have tried, she has cried despite being gentle starting from the bottom (ends) moving up toward the roots. This brush is awesome, and she is brushing her own hair now too without any issues (she's four). This brush is great for fine hair that tangles easily."
"It is pretty hard to find a good Straighten hair cream for a good price. I am use to put just a slight touch of this cream of my hair and they turn out to be great. I sue shampoo, balsam and cream all from the Frizz-Ease collection and my hair reacts just great to it. It is probably the best product so far I ever used.If you want to step up to semi-professional products just step up to John Freida, he knows what is doing. I was a Fructis user, but for 3/4 bucks more, Freida makes it worth, just give it a try, you won't be disappointed!Thanks for reading!"
"I'm usually afraid to try products like this because they tend to weigh my hair down. I didn't find this with this product, in fact, it rinsed clean and made my hair feel 'stronger' if that makes sense. I felt less split ends and dryness. It recommends using it twice a week, but I found once a week sufficient."
Love the smell and how soft it makes your hands.  Hard to find in stores. Found it on Amazon and now order it when I get low.
"This is my one and only conditioner. I absolutely love it.It simply melts into my curls leaving them hydrated and soft. I wouldn't use any other conditioner. Plus, like many other Devacurl products, it smells AMAZING, but doesn't linger if you are scent sensitive. I even use a little as a leave in conditioner.Totally recommend to my curly girls!!"
"Yes, you read that right. Mends menopausal hair. You know...hair so dry you can light a match on one strand. I leave this in for at least 20 minutes while I shower. My hair is so baby soft and silky!!!! This is one of those products I refuse to live without."
"I ordered this flat iron to try because I was intrigued by the claim of straightening and drying the hair at the same time.....no need for a blow dryer?  And even if it worked correctly, I was not optimistic of it working well on my daughter's hair--which is of mixed texture.  I washed and conditioned her hair, and went to work....and it absolutely performed as claimed!!  I don't know if it was a timesaver--I needed to go over the hair repeatedly to get it dry--but it did dry the hair, and actually straightened it, like any flat iron would.  I really did not thing that the steam heat would be conducive to straightening my daughter's corkscrew curls....but it did the trick!!  I would have given this iron 5 stars, if not for the fact that the plates did not come together as tightly as I would have liked along their length; I had to slide the hair closer to the end to get the tight ironing that I wanted.  Overall, however, a great way to avoid the tortuous process of blowdrying.DYB"
"The dark blue is the best. It shows up well on the waterline. The others need to be used on the lids, because they are too light. But they show up really well"
"It did work. I bought this for my niece, who was three years old when she first tried it. She had always sucking her thumb during her sleep since her birth. My family and me were very worried that it would ruin her finger and the shape of her mouth. Luckily, she stopped it before the bottle ran out. She has not sucking her thumb for months now!!"
"This really does have less fragrance than most Argan oils. It is lighter but just as potent. It was good to get two for, basically, the price of one."
This was a fantastic set. Tons of choices. There is something here for everyone. Though there are a few of the slices that are a bit too thick most were perfect.
"After developing allergies to practically every antiperspirant on the market, it was refreshing to find one that finally worked and didn't cause a rash.  This clear gel goes on smoothly, dries fast and doesn't stain clothing.  Although I've long used solids, it was work getting used to a gel formulation.  If you've had problems with allergic reactions such as rashes, irritation, itching and burnning, please try this product.  Highly recommend!"
"I absolutely LOVE Sigma's tapered end brushes, this one applies highlighter and/or bronzer seamlessly. The bristles are so soft and after being washed, I haven't experienced any shedding. You could also use this one to apply powder right around the eyes & nose without looking cakey or putting on too much. I recommend Sigma's Dry N Shape for cleaning and drying brushes, does it quick & brushes maintain shape. I love this brush so much, I'm going back for the Tapered Face Brush!! Thanks Sigma for your quick & terrific service!!!"
The price is right and it does its job... you dont need the bottom to be screwed into the wall like the top... I was a little worried since it only had holes for the top but it works.. and it doesnt seem to put too much preasure where I would be worried about it falling down from weight. Very nice product.
"This is really awesome. I wasnt expecting too much from an eight dollar fragrance, but damn, this is like on eof the best perfumes Ive ever had, and Im a vet at fragrances, Im a perfume junkie!!Especially oils, and Ive used the best! From Kuumba Made to Madinni and Possets, I Love perfume oils and this is the best one!Its not fake smelling, or synthetic smelling at all, and its very subtle and awesome, almost like an invisible perfume, and it lasts all day. You dont need alot, and I catch these whiffs of it thruout the day and its fabulous, Love it!! I was amazed at all the good reviews all over the internet, and decided I cant go wrong, and they are right, it is awesome!"
I love Mac products and often purchase them at a discount on Amazon. Saves me a lot of money for a wonderful product. Thanks!
"They're just as vibrant as they are in the pictures! I'm also glad that they're very thin, as I know fimo slices can run a bit &#34;thick&#34;, depending on where/who you get it from. Overall, I'm highly satisfied with these fruit slices and will buy again from this seller if/when I want more as decal."
ITs great the colors look great on my eye and its easy to mix and match. Thats the best part for my every day look!
"I like to try out natural remedies and always have them around just in case. These Dr. Kings sprays are easy to take and have no taste (or rather they all have the same non-offending, almost non-existent taste). My upper back has been bothering me on and off for a while. The Arnica formula helped, not completely but I was still impressed. The Back, Muscle, & Joint Relief formula works about the same for me, meaning that it eliminates cramping rather quickly and also quickly helps my back. On side stop feeling sore after two doses, but the other side (which felt worse) was still sore. So I feel that it's good for light pain and will only help worse pains marginally, if at all. It's nice to have around just in case."
"this must be the best cream for the face and body in the world!  I'm 41 and have I tried so many face creams and body creams in my life..nothing compares to this. I have the most dry flaky skin on my legs. Nothing quite does it other than this,without the grease! My face too,has never felt so hydrated since I was a child. If Nivea could add in some DMAE,HA, and Ester C.. I will jump for joy.that way I don't have to use seperate serums! Thank you Nivea!"
needed it just the other day while doing my little girls nails since she will most likely knocked it down  will recommend
"These cleansing cloths are going to become a staple in my medicine chest. A few swipes and the day's makeup and grime disappear. There is now no excuse for being too lazy to wash my face at the end of an exhausting day. I've used them for a week, and see no sign of skin irritation, so &#34;gentle&#34; is an accurate adjective to use in naming this handy product. Cetaphil makes quality skincare items, so I am not surprised."
I would of course buy more of this product...the best thing I ever got and it actually works...so if you want it get it!
"My wife always complains about her hair &#34;frizzing.&#34; I told her to give the Toni & Guy Leave in Conditioner a try. Her response was, &#34;nothing works on my hair, you know that.&#34; Well, since nothing she has used before has done much, what could this hurt. Her concern with leave-in conditioners was that it would leave her hair greasy. I think the glimmer of hope got her to try it, and she is thrilled. She is so happy that her hair is now &#34;controllable.&#34; I think she is hooked! No complaints of greasy feeling or anything. She is even telling her cousin, (whose hair gets VERY frizzy), and she rarely recommends hair products to anyone. Good job T & G!"
I could not afford these products in the retail stores and shops... but they are very reasonable on Amazon and I wanted to try this product.  Great for humid days and the shine is unbelieveable and leaves hair in great condition!!
"To me, all of the smoothing serums work the same.  You have to use VERY little and only on the ends of your hair.  It kind of defeats the purpose since most of the time you need to ""smooth"" the hair close to your scalp.  I liked this Tresemme ok, but it didn't do any better or worse than other similar/comparable products (since if I used it close to my scalp, it weighed my hair down)."
"People need to remember nothing in like is free. The free trial is free if you send the rest of the product back before 30 days. Also, if you use a gift card or a debit card the put a hold on that amount for a few days.... four days later I got my money back in my account.Now, about the product. I had been looking for something that would replace what I used to use because a company I was using changed formulas and it just no longer worked for me. I went through AuraVie and Hydroxone. Hydroxone was yuck and made me break out. AuraVie is amazing but it is 3 steps and more expensive than LifeCell.I trepidatiously tried LifeCell hoping it would not only have a lot of benefits but also feel light on my skin, leave nothing oily, not break me out and show me results.Because of the light reflecting properties in LifeCell, you see short term results instantly. I thought, ""Yeah right.... this is bull."" But it is true. I've been using it for almost 4 weeks now and see a big difference in my skin's evenness, the tone and elasticity and where did my light crow's feet go? Significant improvement on my neck area which is where I am most concern about. The skin is more firm and even. Scars evened out and my skin has a kind of glow to it.I still do use a couple other products... a hyaluronic acid serum and retinol gel at night after I apply LifeCell. (I do this because I am still afraid of my skin breaking out no matter what.... and the extra hyaluronic serum is simply added moisture).I understand the frustrations of feeling something is free and it not being so but that is no reason to come give the actual product a bad rating when it is a VERY good product.Not only does it work, but it takes care of your entire skin routine aside from cleansing. It really has the ability to save money considering the products I was normally using.It's a shame seeing so many people here fighting over whether a product is free, or not. One should always fully read any advertisement for any trial offer. NONE of them are free..... but merely free for an ""x"" period of time and then you must return the product."
"Given the price, this is a good alternative to higher priced daily conditioners that are typically available at hair salons or stores such as Ulta in their professional hair care sections.Designed for daily use, it goes on easily and rinses out cleanly. It left my hair looking shinier and feeling silky without any greasy residue and stayed that way even after blow drying."
"I've had problems with dry hair ever since I was a child. I've been trying out different products to beatify my hear without relying on salons. This product was just the thing that I was looking for. Thanks to this, My dry hair has slowly become more beatifull that it flutters in the air when brushed by the wind. I just love this product. A great buy."
"At first I was a little hesitant to spend $5+ on a single plate since I had just bought a set of 25 plates for $10, but I am really glad that I did. I fell in love with the center design --the one with the bow-- and it look great. I put black bows on top of a french manicure, and it looks very snazzy. I will also admit that the KONAD brand plates definitely seem to come out better than the off-brand ones I bought. Even the intricate designs come out amazing. It's nice to have a bunch of random designs for cheap, but when it comes to a super cute design like the ones on this plate, sometimes you have to make a little more of an investment."
"Hi-- this is Terry's wife.  I bought this for my hair, which was starting to look dull from straightening with a flat iron.  I mix the argan oil with lavender essential oil and use a few drops each time I shampoo.  It definitely has helped restore my hair's natural shine.  It also reduces frizziness, so my hair looks great even when I don't straighten it.  I was using silicone-based hair products before, but I prefer the natural route when it's available.  Very glad I found this product and I'd definitely recommend it!"
"First of all, I love Hyaluronic Acid - I take the capsules and have used it topically before, but never in a moisturizer that also contains Vitamin C (which is SO good for you!)  I was worried this moisturizer would be tacky on my skin (which is my product pet peeve), but this moisturizer went on so lightly and my skin absorbed it so fast, I was able to put my makeup on right over it. I've been using for about 3 weeks now and not only are the lines around my eyes plumped out, my entire face just feels healthier and firmer! I experienced no sensitivities at all and loved how quickly this was shipped!! Two thumbs up!!"
"I love the scent, but please note that it is strong. If you are not a fan of heavy fragrance you will not like this conditioner. Although it contains mineral oil, I use it as an all purpose conditioner for my hair. It helps to soften and strengthen my locks. Me encanta mucha :)"
"this was something that I just had to have. it's very flexible and I love to use it. it makes doing styles easy and you get 2 different sizes, which comes in handy, especially if you have a daughter that wants to have the same hair do just not enough hair. it has worked on my hair perfectly which is medium in thickness. my daughter has very fine hair and it works as well. have not tried it on anyone with thick to coarse hair though.... good luck!"
"I was a bit worried about purchasing this but figured why not? It is a good price and I figured if I did not like it, I could give it to a friend. Luckily, I love it. It is the most beautiful smell but in a weird way. I really don't know how to describe it. After first, I didn't know if I loved it or hated it so I waited and then used it again. The smell is so romantic, it reminds of a weekend getaways in login cabin where you just relax in front of a fire and drink wine. I know that sounds so odd especially when it comes to perfume but it is just so romantic. My husband even likes it which was a huge shock, but he said the same thing about it smelling romantic. There are few perfumes I wear that people compliment it and ask what I am wearing; this is one of the few. I got my hair done and the hair dresser kept sniffing and finally asked what I was wearing, when I told her she was actually really surprised. I was too because I did not think that Jessica Simpson would have created something like this and sell it for so inexpensive. I recommend this scent to those who really enjoy that warmer smells, if that makes sense. I would definitely purchase this again."
"I have been using this toner for several years and am very pleased with it. I have combination skin and it leaves my skin soft, clean and moisturized.  It would work especially well for dry or mature skin (that's what it's designed for), but I wouldn't recommend it for oily skin.  It smells wonderful, rosy and almost like sea water.  I see that Burts Bee's offers tomato toner, but that sounds a little gross to me. I'll stick with Rosewater & Glycerin."
"Very little is needed! Seriously, a pea size amount is perfect! It makes my skin feel fantastic. The coverage does seem to fade after several hours with a powder on top, but I'm no makeup master anyhow. This works perfectly for me as I don't care to use foundation and all of that. I have even noticed my complexion is smoothing out! Score!"
"i have seen youtube vids on other ways to organize the stampling plates but i did not like any ot them. spend the $16 bucks and get this instead. you can fit more than 50 plates in there (that is all i have right now) and still have plenty of room for more. it is easy to use and store your plates, i would defintely recommend this to everyone. i may have to buy another one soon!"
The quality of the case is great! The brushes are as well! I have been looking for good quality cheap brushes and these are it!
BEST PRICE BEST PERFUM
"I only used the product once so far, but I can tell you it sure made my hair look and feel real healthy and soft. I can only imagine that after continued use I can have nothing but positive results, thank you."
"so after i found out i was pregnant, i literally researched day and night about all natural skincare products that are baby friendly. this stuff smells soooo good and is very refreshing for my pits! after hearing about how ingredients in deodorants are causing all these health problems, this is an awesome alternative. a little more expensive than your typical drugstore deodorant and doesn't last as long, but at least i have a peace of mind that i am using something that is not harmful for my body and my baby"
"It keeps my hair &#34;down&#34; in front and up in the back. It is very tacky and must be used sparingly to avoid a gummed up feel to the hair, but the lay down power of this gel is outstanding. If it can keep my wild crazy hair slick, it is a perfect answer to frizzy edges."
"I read reviews about this on Killer Strands, and had to try it.  I have thin, baby fine hair that lacks body, and other products tend to cause major buildup and weigh my hair down.  Kevin Murphy Anti-gravity texturizer is an all natural product that delivers light texturizing/volume without heaviness.  It doesn't have a perfumy scent; actually, it smells like the plant-based product that it is.  It is pricey for the amount, but a little goes a long way (on short hair)."
I love these brushes they are nice and soft and when I do my makeup I don't see a lot of fall out.
"I received the C* Perfect Skin Face Cleanser.  I love this cleanser.  It does a really good job cleansing your skin, but doesn't over dry it.  It is organic and it has Vitamin C, Enzymes and Antioxidants added to it.  The product is very easy to use.  I love the convenient pump to dispense it.  You only have to use 1 to 2 pumps of the product to cleanse your face.  It includes some wonderful ingredients like papaya and cucumber extract.  My face felt super clean after I used it too.Sample provided for my blog review."
Best set of make-up brushes I have ever owned in my life. They are sooooo soft! The case is such high quality! The brushes are all individually marked for what they do! I love love love these brushes! I cannot say enough amazing things about them! I would not go anywhere without them. Not on a trip...not on vacation...not anywhere. I am in love with these brushes. I feel so pampered when I use them!!!
"This is a great color.  It's a mauve-ish, pink-ishy, muted rose color.  It is a great everyday color. Although it's not a neutral itself, it can be worn as a neutral.  I also received 2 compliments on the color as soon as I put it on. It isn't as dark as pictured, but still a great color.  I recommend this color and Harmony Gelish products.  Easy to apply, low maintenance and great results."
"This product is awesome!! I was a little skeptical because I dont have a good track record with blush but this one has broken that bad streak! It has just the right about of color, sparkle, and bronze which leaves you glowing. I feel naturally sunkissed when wearing it. It looks really nice on the face and is not too much no matter how much you put on. When I want a little more color I just blend another blush underneath and it works just fine. I definately recommend this product for anyone looking for a new blush. I will most definately be a repeat customer!!"
"When I first saw this brush, I was afraid that it was just too big for my purposes. In fact, this brush worked out perfectly for me. It hold the powder well, and distributes it nice and evenly across my skin, with no clumping. The handle is nice, and the bristles are soft and seem very well secured to the handle. It&#8217;s a very nice, very useful powder brush that I am very happy to have.(Review of UBU Super Softy Extra Large and Soft Powder Brush)"
"I love how it brushes my hair without breaking my hair, wet or dry. I hate the smell of it. Has a really offensive smell I've never smelled before. Hopefully in time that horrible smell will disappear."
just what i needed.  I use it everytime I get out of the bath and my skin feel and looks better
I use this with acetone while doing my own gel nails.  Its great for dipping and cleaning my brushes.  Good value.
"I am in love with this perfume, it smells so sweet and so sweet, the bottle is pink and cute!! I get many compliments on this perfume!!"
"i like the price the smell, the thickness, and how well this stuff cleans my old gray hair and beard."
"Neutrogena Original Formula was the soap my dermatologist father washed his hands with between patient appointments, with as many as thirty patients a day.  His hands looked great!  His use of it sold me on it.  That was many years ago.  I still find it the best choice, as long as I can let it dry on a soap saver.  Amazon sells many of these."
"I had never tried a derma roller, but heard and read many good things about how well they work on wrinkles, I decided to give it a try.  I purchased both, a 1.0 and a .5, since I was unsure which would work best on my face, (and if the 1.0 was too much for the skin on my face). I also decided I could use this 1.0 on other areas of my body (to work on cellulite!). I'm glad I did. This 1.0 is a little painful on my face, so for now, I'm using it on my body. Maybe after using the .5 on my face for a while, I'll build up a tolerance and will need/want to start using this one on my face too. It came very securely packaged and in addition to the storage/travel case it fits into, it was sealed in sterile packaging (the same way that surgical tools are sealed). I followed the instructions and felt very safe using this product."
Oh my gosh these are so cute and they came so fast. The jars a small but have lots of product in each jar.the shapes and colors are amazing. Some are even holographic which I love.I'm a nail art addict and I was so happy to see  these in the mail today!!! I would totality recommend this product to anyone who loves doing nails!
I love that there isnt just one base you can use. I worry about my sensitive skin and babies being too rough but that wasn't even I thought in my head when I started using it
"I have waist length, very straight hair and my daughter has mid-back length wavy hair. Both of us tried this on our hair.It gets very hot- in fact there is an attached tag that says it can burn eyes. I'm not sure how you'd burn your eyes with it but it does get hot quickly.It's a styling wand- so there is no clip to deform curls. You wrap your hair starting at the widest point on the wand down the wand to the narrow end and hold the end of your hair on the non-heated end of the wand for a count of 5-10 to curl your hair. The size and shape of the curl is dependent on how much hair you use.Since my hair is so long, I used small sections and the curls came out spiraled and tighter at the bottom than at the top like a natural curl. My daughter used larger sections and wound up with lots of bounce, wave and volume.I like the swivel base- both of us are lefties and had few issues with the cord getting in our way. Similarly- the controls weren't a problem either.I found it easier to use without the glove- just holding the hair to the non-heated tip after wrapping. My daughter prefers using it with the glove.Recommended- but there is a learning curve if you're more used to clamp style curling irons."
"This product actually works quite well for fine hair that is very straight and very long... both wet and dry.  (better wet)  I don't see a huge improvement over my favorite detangling brush though.  I see a slight improvement ... but it is an improvement.  I think the best improvement over my tangle tamer brush is less hair loss and as we know hair breakage is damage so that is not good.  That is why I use this after a shampoo and stick to the manual detangler brush when the hair is dry for convenience sake of just tossing that in the purse.  This product does travel well, hold a charge and get you through a rough spot on a trip when you need your hair done.  I got mine for a ridiculously low price here on Amazon so it was worth experimenting with.  Glad I took the chance on it.  Fine straight very long hair is the worst nightmare of tangles in all the hair world. I think if it worked on my hair... it can work for anyone.  I have never had a hairdresser yet who will do my comb out after washing.  So yeah... I think this gadget is worth it to try if you are having problems."
"I couldn't find this at my drugs stores or Target, and decided to order more here. I smudge everything, and this seems to go a whole day of work and a workout (although who cares) without coming off. All these liners by Cover Girl (24 hr and non)go on really smooth, but do tend to dry up faster than others. The non 24 hour one also turned into a grayish color rather than blackest black after a short period of time, so I did like that this one does remain black."
"I am an esthetician and I am always interested in what new and innovated products are out there.  I have used skin care serums in the past and I have pretty good skin for my age, but I keep seeing ads for L'Oreal Revitalift products and was curious to see how well they work.I can tell you I am really impressed with this product. It is not a heavy or oily serum. It's a very light, creamy consistency.  It goes on smooth and even and you definitely do not need to use a lot.I believe I have seen a difference in my skin just from the short while I have been using it. (About 4 weeks). My skin is smoother, more even-toned and softer. It contains Hyaluronic acid, which is an excellent ingredient in skin care products. It helps replenish moisture that we lose as we get older and yes, it does fight wrinkles.Looking at the ingredients, it appears paraben-free, which is important to me when buying anything I put on my skin. My only wish was that they didn't add fragrance, but it is very light and barely noticeable.Overall, I would say this is a great product if you want to replenish, revitalize and keep skin looking healthy. Great for anyone who has oily skin and can't use a heavy moisture cream."
"Really nice with a bit of spicy.  Not overpowering.  Not weak.  Out of 20 perfume samples I got, this one was one of the top 5.  I liked it quite a bit.  Not bad at all."
I am such a fan of travalo's. They have saved me many times from breaking a whole perfume bottle in my purse or suitcase. They are great for touch-ups when you feel that your perfume has worn off throughout the day.
"I am post-relaxer and stretching my relaxer. I washed my hair and noticed that the hair that combed out, with very, very significant. I would most definitely repurchase and will be purchasing the conditioner."
This oil is like gold for skin and hair.  Will be mixing with other essential oils for full benefits on hair.
"This is about the 6th spray on tanner I've used. Out of everything i've tried this one produces the most realistic tan I've seen though. Lots of bang for the buck too ie more DHA. Plus, it has little to no tanner smell. Lastly, i'm not crazy for the bronzer in the product. Wish they came out with a bronzer free version just because it gets a little messy. However, at least it too comes out looking natural."
I got exactly what I ordered. If you like decorating your nails this is a product must have. I'm happy.
I like the fact it has a ton of super soft bristles for my sensitive skin. It isn't a wood base either which is good as the wood always splits sooner or later. I have used about 15 times and not once has it affected my face like other brushes seem to do. I love it.
"It's the same stuff, folks! My home manicure lasted almost a week. Without this base coat, it lasts about a day. Period."
"I have never had terrible acne (but isn't ANY acne kind of terrible?). I rarely but occasionally break out from stress or whatever hormones...who knows.  But anyway, I had read somewhere that Cocoa Butter helps with acne and I remembered thinking that it couldn't possibly help because it is so thick and greasy.  But recently I had a nasty little hint of oncoming acne that was threatening to become an ugly mess at a time when I really wanted to look good, so I tried it.  OVERNIGHT, clear.  Dinner with the ex--I looked amazing (well at least my skin was clear).My son is a preteen and hasn't had any real issues yet, but his face is very dry.  This product took care of that almost immediately as well, with no pimples or any issues that one might expect from something as oily as cocoa butter on the face of a hormonal 13 year old boy.  I did some online research and apparently the acne cure thing is pretty common.Also, I scratched the heck out of my leg about a year and a half ago and it left a nasty dark scar down the front of my leg. I have an olive complexion that scars very easily. I have been using this product and have noticed significant improvement in the color and texture of the nasty leg scratch scar.That being said, as other reviewers have noted--this product comes very hard.  It isn't something you think you can rub into your body.  Some melt it and spread it, some say they make into little cakes and use it that way.  That all sounds very clever.  I am lazy however.  I crack out a little piece and rub it in my hands until it softens then I rub it in.  That works great for me.  It smells incredible.All of the other ideas sound great too.  If I ever get that motivated, I will try them and update."
"I have never operated nor owned a steamer/dryer prior to this. However, this product was easy to set up. The instructions were easy to follow regarding use. It heats up easily and on time, nor does it leak. The seller had sent me an email notifying me that the product might be late for delivery. However, it arrived earlier than expected. It was billed to arrive sometime in December but it arrived the morning after Thanksgiving. I commend the seller for their effort in delivery in spite of the anticipated problems from hurricane Sandy.This product has made my life easier and will definitely save me a lot of money I would otherwise have spent on steaming at the hair salon. The wheels make it easy to roll around the house and it is lightweight but sturdy."
"The color on this stain is subtle, at least for me. It is wonderful to pull a whole look together though. I can't say how long the stain lasts, but it's better than nude lips!"
But applicator tip broke within a few months.  Still decently-priced and covers acne so I would buy it again.  Cheap.
"This is a super sweet scent that reminds me of something that girls under 20 would wear (which could be a good or bad thing). I'm in my late 20s but use this fragrance whenever I'm feeling playful and young. It's definitely not the most sophisticated fragrance in my collection, but on some days when the mood is right I love using Pink Sugar. It smells like cotton candy and first but once that initial scent wears off, it smells like caramel and vanilla and baby powdery. It smells the best 3-4 hours after application on my body."
I work long hours and have been searching high and low for a primer that helped diminish the oils that build up during the day and help maintain makeup looking fresh.  This primer so far is working at diminishing the oily residue that can result from makeup and I feel like it helps my makeup set and stay put throughout the day. I apply right after my moisturizer and it does add more of a  radiant glow to my face. I like it! Thanks!
"The San Francisco dead sea salt is great on several levels. First, it's unscented, so I can soak to my hearts content without it clashing with my shampoo, soap, etc. Also, the chemicals in scented bath items sometimes leave me itching and scratching, the Dead Sea mineral salts leave me soothed and feeling fabulous.The weather we have been having is playing havoc with my skin, the heat running in the morning, the AC in the afternoon, hot, cold, dry, wet.. it's terrible. A nice soak in the dead sea salt and I feel soothed and smoothed. The dry patches and the rough patches are calmed almost instantly.But there's more! I can mix some of the salts with my cleanser for a gentle exfoliation. I have very dry sensitive skin and most defoliants are too harsh. I don't look exfoliated so much as scoured and flayed, a victim of a horror movie instead of the glowing women in the commercials. More oozy that dewy. The chemicals strip my skin, so I have the choice of dull ashy dry flakes or stripped and scoured.With the Salt, I can add some to the cleanser I know I like, and get a true gentle exfoliation. No rough handling here, just a nice clean feeling that removes dead skin and actually leaves me glowing. There are two advantages to being able to use the salt this way, one is being able to use my own cleanser (dove) and know I'm not going to have a bad reaction.We also have a small master bath. Limited storage space under the sink, limited counter space, just a tub, no surround. I buy an exfoliate that promises me lovely skin, I open it, I'm greeted by a funky smell. I use it and can feel the skin peeling off my body. Do I throw it away? NO! I just spent money on it, and so I put it in the cabinet where it takes up valuable real estate. In a week I try again to see if its any better, now I can't leave the house for two days because I look like a tragic victim of a lifetime channel movie. Now I toss it in the trash, right? Wrong, I spent a small fortune on it, back it goes into the cabinet. I reach around it, eventually it gets pushed to the back, and a year later I decide to clean the cabinet and come across all these bottles of now toxic smelling goo, and finally I toss it.But with the Salt I can have something to soak and sooth my skin, product to mix with my cleanser to exfoliate, and I can use it as a foot scrub! We are talking replacing several bottles and jars with one, and I know I like it, so it saves me time, money, and I actually do look glowing and dewy. Jim rubs my arm, before moisturizer,and says, mm.. you feel soft!Total win!Sample provided for review, but I will be continuing to buy this product. In this case the five stars that say I love it, are right on, I love it."
I have noticed a tightness in my skin and it looks smooth and healthy.  I have tried so many creams and they do not work like they say it does.  Really like this one.
"This has been helping to keep my skin clear.  It doesn't really sting, but sometimes my skin itches a bit after I put it on.  I've read on other places that the pH is 4....I wish it was a bit lower....a pH around 3 would be more effective.  It still seems to work ok."
"I really love this product and have used it for years. I have sensitive skin and eyes, and this was recommended to me by my optometrist."
"Although I'm fortunate enough not to suffer from dandruff, I do tend to have three problems with my scalp.  First of all, I suffer from severe allergies, and the skin around my eyebrows and my (receding) hairline tend to get flaky when allergy season is at its worst.  Secondly, I'm outdoors a lot doing farm work and gardening chores, and the wind tends to dry out my scalp which makes it itchy.  And finally, I exercise a lot and even though I drink a lot of water, I tend to dehydrate which only aggravates my other problems.  I shower 75% of time at the gym, and have been using a shampoo without conditioner containing Selenium Sulfide, which has helped with the flakiness, but not the itch.I decided to give this Clear Men's Scalp Therapy 2-in-1 product a shot because I thought the conditioner might help, and I wanted to compare the active ingredient in this product, Pyrithione Zinc, to what I had been using.  After three weeks of use, I can report that I'm very pleased with the Clear product.  It has reduced the itchiness I was experiencing, and seems to be just as effective at helping to control the flakiness around my hairline.  The product certainly smells nice, and the conditioner is a nice addition.  I'm glad it's a 2-in-1 product, because frankly, I'm not going to carry more than one hair product with me into the shower at the gym.  I plan to continue using this product, and am pleased to recommend it to you."
Translucent powder is a secret shared with me by a friend who is a make up artist. She told me how use it in combination with blush.Blush looks best when no one knows you have it on. I try to enhance my face shape but not so much that it's obvious. To deposit just the right amount of color I use a fluffy blush to dust powder on cheeks and temples. When my skin is oily I pat my face with translucent powder before applying blush. I also use translucent powder to tone down color when I put on too much blush.Love this stuff and Amazon has it at a good price!Ali Julia review
Works great! A little pricy for what you get..but does exactly what it says it does. Be sure to follow with moisturizer.
I bought this flat iron to replace my Helen of troy flat iron.  It was recommended by a hair dresser friend and works great. I would def recommend.
"The salon said you could not get the stuff to do shellac at home and had to have it done professionally. I went home and amazon'd ""shellac"", bought all the stuff to do it at home including this light, and it worked perfectly :)"
"I started using this recently and really like how my skin feels clean but not tight or dry. I have been using it morning and again in the evening. I put on my usual moisturizers and makeup during the day and at night I use it to clean my face of all the makeup and then I use my moisturizers.  My skin looks and feels good.  I love that it is 100% all natural too..there are no weird ingredients.  I was noticing a little flaking and dry skin prior to starting with the soap but after I started using the Adovia Dead Sea Mud Soap it seemed to stop. My skin has been looking really nice and it feels comfortable, not tight or dry."
"So far I've used it every day and my skin is looking better, but I think I need to use it for a month or so to be sure.  I've taken before and after pix, and that will tell."
I bought this because the 2000 calorie was hard to find and more expensive. I'm glad I did! I actually like it better! Goes on well and it seems to dry more on the lashes. It doesn't flake or smear! I will keep buying this!
"I like this BB cream. I was afraid that it would have an iridescent finish, since ""Luminous"" is in the product name but it doesn't.I am pretty fair skinned and this medium shade blended in very well for me, surprisingly. It has a very natural finish, with no streaks or lines. When you touch your skin after applying, it doesn't feel like there is anything on your skin. I really like that aspect. I despise most foundations because I hate feeling like my face is caked with product, so BB creams are a nice alternative for me. This BB cream goes on light, evens the look of the skin tone and just gives an overall ""finished"" look.It sets matte, no shine whatsoever, which is also a huge plus. I do not like the dewy look and I do not like the usual luminous look where there is an iridescent finish, almost sparkly. I like a nice flat matte finish and this BB cream gives me that.I feel like this tube would really last a while too because I did not need to use a lot of product to cover my whole face. I use it under my eyes, close to the lash line, as well as on my eyelids and I have no irritation at all.There is only a very slight, light scent and it seems to go away almost immediately after applying. The skin feels soft and smooth and looks great. Towards the end of the day, getting closer to bedtime, I feel like my skin starts to feel a little greasy, but I think that is to be expected with any BB or foundation. During most of the day though, there is no greasy feel and no shiny skin.In my opinion, this is a great BB cream. Great performance and great price."
"No unpleasant smell (like all the others I tried).  Leaves hair somewhat dry. I do leave on for 4 minutes, rinse and then use a little Clear Anti Dandruff shampoo for a few seconds and rinse.  It seems to make hair softer without itch returning.  You do have to shampoo twice a week."
again just like the bigger flat iron it is a wonderful product and get very hot. know this flat iron is smaller and easier to handle so I let my 11 yo granddaughter use it she loves it.
"This works really well.  It seems to have a powerful little motor and it does the trick.  I've only had one set of batteries so far and it is still ticking.While I used it on my face, it also worked well to help scrub the dead skin off of my heels.  I used one of those callous removing gels and then after letting it sit, I used this and voila!  Baby soft feet...they still look like Barney Rubble feet, but at least they aren't gnarly anymore.I received this item for free with no obligation to write a review."
"Apply to clean dry lips, and wait about 30-60 seconds before using another product on top. Decent staying power and forgiving shade (Beauty Queen). For the cheeks, apply to one cheek and start working it in immediately, then start on the other cheek. If you dab it on both cheeks, replace the wand applicator into the tube, and then work in the stain one cheek at a time, by the time you get to the 2nd cheek, there could be a 'stain' where you dabbed the product on, even after rubbing...happens to me. Probably works best for moisturized or oilier skin. The product may be a challenge to apply to dry skin types. Nice product, not for everyone. Very natural looking."
"This is really nice lotion which has a nice fragrance and not overwhelming.  It's not ""sticky"" and leaves my hands feeling smooth.  The easy-open flip top works well.  Overall, it's simply a very nice lotion which would make an attractive gift, or a great splurge for yourself!"
"Perfect. Great pigmentation. Love the wax, keeps my eyebrows from looking all weird and curly. Not too dark. Will buy again."
I've been looking for a perfect pale pink by essie for about a year or two. And this hits it on the head. I can get away with one coat of this polish and it be exactly what I want. If I add a second coat it'll really be opaque.
"This is the first winter of my life that I have had my skin dry up so fast like it has been. I concocted a mixture of Shea butter, coconut oil, cocoa butter oil, vitamin e oil and have been putting it on my skin just for my skin to suck it in and be dry and itchy in about 2 hours. Yesterday, I bought this product, along with the matching body wash. No dryness, no itching.  I slept without scratching all freaking night for the first night in a month or so. What a relief! This is my new wintertime lotion."
"I love this flat iron- It is a fatter unit and for my thin hair it holds it much better then thinner units- Straightens my hair fast, very impressed with this unit!"
"Normally I avoid blush, I have enough natural flushing and don't want to look like a fever victim. I have very pale (NW/NC15) skin and copper/auburn hair at the moment.Very few blushes actually look good on my complexion, the NARS Deep Throat being a recent exception. I don't like smeary makeup and normally avoid cream blush like the plague, but lots of folks are raving about PENNY LANE and I had to have it.I applied this with the contour brush from this setreal Techniques Core Collection Setover my foundation, just lightly buffed it in. You barely have to touch the brush to the surface of the blush, to pick up any color. This color gives a lit-from-within glow, and is very buildable. For ladies who like the look of obvious blusher, this won't be for you. If you are of a mind that blush should look like a natural healthy flush of color, you'll like this. I'm not sure how well it will show up on darker skin tones. For me, it was love at first sight! I'll be going from once a week blush wear to every day blush wear! I even used it on my eyes and lips to try it out, and it imparts just a hint of color, very natural looking.It also doesn't fade, crinkle, or migrate! It lasts and lasts. I topped off my makeup with MAC Pressed translucent primer powderMAC Prep + Prime Transparent Finishing Powder / PressedLove this! I'd like to say it's a repeat purchase but this blush is so economical, I may never need to buy another again. I gagged at $28 for a blusher, but now that I've used it and see what a quality item it is, it beats any $5 drug store blush any day."
"this is beautiful. it has a golden baked look to it. i love this, especially for the evening. Its lightweight and makes my face glow."
"My old Conair finally burned out after about 20 yrs. I have been looking for something similar. Conair now wants over 40.00 for the one I had. Well im glad I found this Andis, its very similar and fantastic!  Its a tad bit smaller which makes it easier to handle, powerful as hell, same controls and a narrow barrel which concentrates the heat where I want it, not all over the place like these wide barrel models. Nice long cord too. I'm tempted to buy another just in case they ever discontinued it. I love this thing and for the price its a steal !"
"I absolutely love this product! It leaves my hair with soft and bouncy curls. It doesn't leave that hard, brittle gunk like most of the products I've tried before. And for the price you can't go wrong!!"
"So far so good.  I use it every day, especially if I am out in the sun here in Florida.  Seems to be doing a good job."
"If you are looking for a peeling mask this one is pretty good.  It dries fast and you can get a good peel with it - all in one sheet. It seems to help to control my sons acne a little.I made the mistake of after the mask, using a blackhead tool and clearing out anything that came to the surface --- well everything came out easily but he was left with a face full of red marks and scabs for like a week, so I felt terrible. It draws everything to the surface and leaves the skin extra soft and sensitive and more easy to tear and damage.So I'd recommend just using the mask - and not picking after! I've used it several times without picking and it's been fine."
I have tried others and this one is the best by far. No jitters either. Price is cheaper overall vs other brands too.
"I bought this because of all the rave reviews... honestly its kindve average. The bristles are actually silicone so that was different. I compared this to my maybelline full n soft mascara... I dont think Im a fan of mascara, Ive sampled sheer cover mascara... I still have not found my mascara. The differeence I can see from the full n soft, is that with full n soft, after 2 layers, it starts to clump, but it looks natural, with just the 2... with this 2 layers is not enough, and as you keep putting on layers, they dont really clump, they looking fuller, but not longer... one day I will find my mascara, but this isnt it. Bonus it washes off real nice, no raccoon eyes after washing your face to clean up!"
After watching kardashian episode back in 2009 kim mentioned OPI my private jet.. and i was like what is that?  i looked it up online and LOVED it and i just got it 1 week shipping.. awesomee just love this color its sparkley brown and its turns black sometimes cool!! well for mee looolll LOVE this color &lt;3 on my toes and fingers lol
I love this! It goes on smooth and is easy to blend. Stays on awhile to so u dont have to continually reapply like with some other makeup. Great! Will buy again!
My dermatologist recommended Aveeno and I have been very pleased with it.  It suds us nicely with the net scrubbers and leaves my skin silky smooth
"I have been looking for a clarifying shampoo for quite some time. I try not to use any shampoos with sulfates and of course this has sulfates in it. I wear my hair natural and the texture is tightly kinky/curly. So I was concerned that this shampoo may strip my natural hair and make it bone dry. Since I haven't used sulfate shampoos in over a year, I prepped my hair by doing a pretreatment consisting of Vatika Enriched Coconut Oil for 30 minutes and then I proceeded to use this product. I was happy with my purchase of this product. My hair felt clean but not dry. My hair was soft and the scent is wonderful light fruity smell. Although I don't use sulfate shampoos, this was worth the try and I will use this once a month from now on. I also cowash my hair with the Herbal Essence Long Term Relationship conditioner and I have good results with that product as well."
"I thought they looked too fake at first because they were thicker than what I was used to. But after applying them, then adding my mascara to my own lashes, they blended very well together. I just had to apply a little more mascara with these. Will buy again!"
i use this glue for lashes always (ardell demi 120) and it works last all day for me without and lifting from the corner problems plus its a great price i only buy the clear because the dark version is alittle off to me it doesnt dry black its more gray looking to it messes up my look so i save my time by sticking to white onelong story shorti use it ill buy it again always highly recommendhave any questions feel free to comment below
Thus seems to be the only product that keeps my sins hair under control. He is an interracial teen who wants long curls. This helps.
"Gets nice and hot, and heats up fast. My last straightener was 3 times as much (even at wholesale price because I have my cosmetology license) and it still took longer to heat up and pulled my hair like crazy. No pulling with this one and it does it's job fast and effectively."
What Brush set do you know for this bargain in such a cute feminine color! There absoluetly soft and I'm just in love with how great these brushes are! So read no rather because I know for a fact anyone will love them!
"I love opi nail colors, and this color is absolutely fabulous! Definitely in my top 10 of colors, its a beautiful orange red! HOT HOT HOT!!!!!!"
"Its a good price for a lot of product. Great top coat it dries super quick and has a high gloss shine. It can cause some shrinkage, but it is a fantastic top coat."
"Neutrogena Ultra Gentle Daily Cleanser touts itself as hypo-allergenic and non-comedogenic.  I cannot attest to the non-pore-blocking claim as I haven't been using this cleanser long enough, but I find that my non-sensitive combination skin is a little red after rinsing off the cleanser.  That said, this cleanser does an excellent job removing dirt and grime from my face with very little effort and without drying.  That is very important to me right now, as the air is filled with smoke and particulates from the fire that has been burning here since Saturday (23 June 2012) and I have been washing my face several times a day.  My usual cleanser just smears the stuff around on my skin, but the Neutrogena removes the grime quickly and easily.The non-drying properties are good for the dry air in Colorado, and hopefully the cleanser will be as effective in Florida*, giving me clean skin without an oily feeling after rinsing.*The Army says ""move to Pensacola"", so we are leaving Colorado Springs within the week.Edited to add that after two weeks in Florida, and just over a month of using the cleanser, I can say that it does not clog my pores.  Also, with the humidity that is present in Florida, I no longer have the redness after rinsing off the cleanser."
"I love this fragrance, however I don't know what it is but half the time I buy from Amazon the fragrances are not quite the same as the ones I sample in Sephora, I do think this one is the authentic since it has a serial number and all, but the smell is not as good and it doesn't last as long as the ones I have tried at fragrance places like Sephora... I think you're safe buying fragranaces from Amazon as long as they're $25 dollars and under...anything more expensive than that is a hit and miss, some times they're the real deal and you have no issues with them, and some other times they are duds, I don't know what it is, I don't know if they're fakes or if its bad batches that they buy, or if they just don't store them correctly and the heat spoils them before they sell them, but so far I had many bad experiences with the fragrances that I have bought directly from them, its a shame"
"My hair is curly frizzy and thick, and when straightening it would last for a while but then get all frizzy again and dry. I use this product after washing my hair along with ApHogee Keratin and Green Tea Restructurizer on my damp hair them straighten it and my hair feels so soft. Tia a great product and I love it"
"This is good stuff.  Makes my skin feel smooth and clean.  Have not noticed any wrinkle reduction, but I have only been using it for about 2 weeks.  Will wait a little longer to pass judgement. Price was good and delivery was as described."
I love this daytime face-cream but the fragrance is so powerful it crushes any perfume you'd want to wear - otherwise works well!  : )
"I recieved a complimentary travel toiletry bag to review.I've used other toiletry bags in the past that were bulky and took up a lot of space to pack.  This bag lays nice and flat in the suitcase.  It holds an incredible amount of items as well.I packed two 10 oz bottles of shampoo/conditioner in one of the end pockets and still had room to add an electric toothbrush in the same pocket.  In the other end pocket I was able to pack an 8 oz. bottle of mousse, hairbrush, full sized tube of toothpaste and a couple hair accessories.  In the open space in the center I was able to pack a handheld mirror, razors, full sized deodorant, my complete cosmetics regime of foundation, blush compact, two eyeshadow compacts, a loose powder compact, eyelash curler, full sized moisturizer and facial wash.  In the zippered mesh portion of the center flap I was able to fit a large powder brush, blush brush, eyeshadow brush, eyeliner, and perfume.  I frankly ran out of things to pack into the bag because I still had room left over!I used the hanging hook on the towel bar in my bathroom and tugged on the bag trying to get it to slip off.  It held on tight.  I played with the zippers and tried to get them to snag and come off track, but they held on tight as well.  I pulled on the seams, but they are very secure.  All in all, I would have no problem recommending this bag to others.  I believe it's well worth the cost in my opinion."
"An ulta store recently opened up where i live and i bought this nyx eye shadow primer at the nyx section. i tried it shortly after i bought and WOW, this is another amazing primer. my eyeshadow stayed put and didn't smudge and crease and since this is another reasonably priced eye primer i'm now in love with, there's no need for me to shell out $30 for an eye primer."
so yes I got this on time everything was included the dotting pens are 5 different size that's good the tweezers don't hold very well AND YES I sat down and counted every rhinestone and it IS NOT3000 its more like 278stones now I know its still a great deal but there is like no  rhinestones and for me that was a big part on why I wanted it
I use all of the NIVEA Men products. This is a great face scrub it leaves your face nice and refreshed. Great for the skin also.
"I agree with all the other reviewers . . . it works well on a specific type of blemish (for me at least) - the kind that is raised and filled with goo (whatever you call what's inside of a pimple).  Clogged pores, whiteheads, blackheads - doesn't do anything for them - better to exfoliate and use a salicylic/glycolic acid combo to keep those clean.Only drawbacks are that you can only treat a few blemishes at a time and each treatment takes about 2 1/2 minutes.  That's a bit of time holding the Zeno to your face/body, but worth it to get rid of the blemish in a non-pinching way."
"Thick pink cream conditioner. This is a great conditioner for very fine or thin hair, but not for thick or wavy hair. It is a thick paste you massage in after shampooing.  Leave in for 1 minute then rinse.  For my thick hair it was a nusiance and hard to rinse it all cleanly out.  Worked better on my moms thining hair.  She applied it to the ends and it worked better to give her thin hair a soft feel.* WARNING This has a strong musky scent scent similar to obscession."
"These are easy to use nail stickers.  No water required, just peel and stick.  Stickers last for a long time."
It does what they said it would do and did the job just fine. What can you say about a crimping iron? It worked.
"they did take all that nasty stuff and my nose looked more clear and clean, so I was happy, I just wish they were more cheaper, still clear face and cleaner is better."
This is the best gel for curly hair.  I've been using it with other deva products for several years.  I love it.
I deal with cystic acne and I hated my trial and errors of finding a good night cream. This is amazing stuff. I never wake up with new pimples on my face and it keeps my face moisturized even though I live in a very dry house with the new central air system in the house. I love olay.
"I love eyebrow powder and wax, it helps it go on well, plus elf brand has nice packaging, great prices, didn't take long to receive. Will order more of the products."
This is a very nice eyeshadow. Very richly pigmented and does not fade or crease.  I would buy this product again.
This tanning lotion is great it smells really good also it works great. I put some on for a couple days and I actually got a decent tan. usually I don't get much of a tan but it is a great product.
"I purchased this at my local super market and fell in love the first time I used it! It has no odor or scent so it can be easily blended with other products. When I feel like my hair is thirsty I drop a few drops in the palm of my hand on top of my regular conditioner and then smooth the mix over my ends and towards the middle shaft of my hair. I avoid putting this oil on my roots as I have a strong history of oily roots with dry ends. It makes my hair super silky and soft.Tips:-only use a little (ie a dribble or two depending on the length of your pretty locks)-only spread this oil/conditioner mix on the ends and on the middle lengths of your hair (avoid the roots)The Ultimate Hair Treatment:Wash your hair like normal using warm water to open the shafts, then rinse clean, mix a bit of this oil with a rich conditioner (the one you don't use every day) preferably one that has no silicone, apply it on the ends and middle lengths, try to not pile your hair on your head as the oil with make your roots dull/heavy, keep a towel on your shoulders, turn on your favorite show for 30-45 mins, rinse with cold water, gently squeeze excess water (do NOT twist!!) and let hair air dry with towel on your shoulders.Note* if your hair is super thick and heavy use a hair dryer on COLD for 10-15 mins when hair is damp (not soaked).Comb your hair out when damp, then flip to add a bit of volume.Done!!"
"Recently I cut off my thick waist length hair and donated it to Locks For Love.  I'm really happy to be able to help someone and I'm also really glad to get rid of my heavy hair for the summer.My now chin level and layered hair do needed something extra or it would just lay there. I originally came to my hair stylist with a picture of a girl who's chin length hair was layered, chunky looking and with ends that flared out.  To achieve the same look I needed more than just a hair cut I needed to start using a texturizing paste and this is when I turned to Jonathan for help.My hair stylist instructed me that the texturizing paste will help to create the chunky look I wanted.  Just take a bit of the paste with your fingers and rub it into the hair.  Take some more and rub it on select strands of hair and then to keep it in place spray some hair spray.After washing and drying my hair I use both the Jonathan product Dirt Texturizing paste and theJonathan Product Silky Dirt Cremeto create my style and I really couldn't be happier with the results.My hair still feels touchable as the two products do not leave my hair feeling sticky or stiff.  My hair has that ""day after wash"" look to it ( where the ""day of wash"" look is usually super light, soft and fluffy hair and ""day after wash"" hair isn't greasy but now lays down and has some control).Anther thing I like is it lasts without having to be re-applied.  Though I shower every day I do not wash my hair every day, more like I wash it every two days and the product lasts until the next wash.  I like this because I don't want to have to style my hair every morning.  This is a huge plus after wearing my hair in a pony tail for several months while allowing it to grow out.The Jonathan product Dirt Texturizing paste smells good, and it's a stiff product to get out of the jar.  I usually use the back of my finger nail to scrap a bit of it out and rub it between my two fingers."
I use this brush to apply my bareMinerals bronzer (Deep End) and it works great! It applies the bronzer evenly and the best thing is that not one brussel has shedded. I love this brush and will be the only brush I use for my makeup.
"This product has taken on two teen girls with significant chemical damage, and one pre-adolescent with layers and layers of wavy/frizz. So far, reviews are positive from the bathroom squad."
"*Description from essie.com: ""a lavender with shimmer""This is an extremely sheer, pretty lavender with a nice, subtle shimmer. I suspect it would require at least 3 coats to achieve the shade of purple (on my screen at least) seen here. It's quite nice if you want a sheer look or over another color like:Essie Play Date 783 Nail Polish."
"This gloss is definitely on the tacky side.  Not exactly sticky, more tacky.  It stays put.  I easily got 6 hours of wear from it.  Comes in a great range of colors.  Very impressed with the L'Oreal Infallible line overall and definitely with this product in particular."
"Overall, I like this powder. I like to put it over my liquid foundation to set it, so I used a lighter color liquid foundation so that I don't look too dark on my face. I have stopped using this product though because I have found that using a translucent powder works better and looks a lot more flawless. I still keep it around though for days that I don't want to put on liquid foundation but still want some coverage."
I'm kicking myself for not getting these sooner. I apply my makeup on the go most days and I almost always end up either getting makeup smeared on the inside of my makeup bag or having the bristles all out of shape. This product is perfect for keeping the brush intact!Also perfect for after you clean your brushes - just put these on them and let them dry upside down in a cup. It preserves the shape while making sure they dry properly.
I find that I am really enjoying the yes to tomato facial product line. It has completely rejuvenated my face and it takes very little product to do so. I will be using this for the foreseeable future as it cleans my skin very will with very little product. It is a great value and works wonders.
"I really like this.  It's truly waterproof, yet looks natural. It doesn't clump lashes together and make you look like you have spiders on your eyes."
"Love this flat iron. I have wavy, sometimes frizzy hair and I was really impressed with how smooth and shiny it made my hair with a few passes on lower heat."
"I can't believe how great my skin looks when I use this. I use it, on average, once a week.I highly recommend this/"
"I really liked the smell of this toner it has an orange citrus smell. My main problem was that I thought it was 100% organic, and it says on the bottle that it is only 70% organic. I mean it's not a deal breaker, but it would have been nice to know when I purchased it."
Love this product. Purchased in barely branded and the color is extremely pigmented and beautiful. Since it is a cream shadow I do recommend wearing over an eyelid primer but not necessary.
"My hair is fine and long and is flat to wavy but will curl on its own if left to air dry or in rainy weather.  I expected to have to use conditioner with this moisturizing shampoo but I did not.  After lathering up and rinsing off, I found it relatively easy to pass a comb through my wet hair.  The shampoo is also very fragrant.  I have no idea what macadamia oil and white orchid smell like but this shampoo smells more like vanilla to me.  The fragrance is very, very nice.My hair also felt relatively moisturized when dry and had a little body to it.  Overall, I like this moisturizing shampoo."
"I have used YL's &#34;Joy&#34; blend EO previously, but I just found the price to be abhorrent and I don't like pyramid schemes. I would not rate this product 5 stars if I didn't think the quality of Eden's Garden &#34;Joy&#34; synergy blend to be absolutely excellent. I am so pleased with this company's approach to their product in providing an entire product guide of everything they sell as well as a booklet of 101 ways to use essential oils. I really can smell the geranium and the rose and rosewood. It is such a pleasant and uplifting scent. I hope you will give Eden's Garden a chance! Their products are truly wonderful!"
"Got This masque cause Marlena recommended it ( like this review if you know who I am talking about;)I gotta say for an inexpensive product this is pretty good - it smells good, it has nice consistency and it brings a lot!You just gotta work it into your skin/pores for it ti really work.Thanks Marlena LOL!"
johnson's & johnson's has done it again! i absolutely love this oil free lotion it makes my skin feel smooth and great with or without makeupi love using after i exfoliate or when im done cleansing after wearing make upim glad i purchased
"Like many of you, I was using the original QOD formula (QOD Gold) for 2 years before I found out it was no longer available. I was devastated. Trusting the QOD name, I purchased the QOD Max OrganiQ solution and was highly highly disappointed. After a few emails back and forth with the owner of Keratin4U (wonderful lady!) she educated me and informed me that QOD was re branding the QOD Max into a new formula called ""Kerapremium"". I was skeptical, but desperate, because if you're like me.. this QOD stuff has CHANGED MY LIFE! I took a chance, forked out more money and ordered the new ""Kerapremium"" formula. It has the smell of cocoa and a light pink color, but the consistency of the original QOD Gold that I was accustomed to. I usually only do my roots every 2 months, but I decided to do my whole head to see how this stuff worked. After the 3 hour process, and 3 days of no washing, I finally washed my hair and.......Drumroll please..... the results were amazing! Just like the ORIGINAL QOD Gold, if not, BETTER! I'm definitely glad I took a chance with this stuff. I really hope this product stays on the market forever!!"
I bought this for myself for Christmas and I love it!! I use this everyday and I can tell a difference. It was packaged well and arrived on time.
"When I saw this product available through Vine, I couldn't believe it! My girlfriend was just telling me about it two days prior.  Well, she and I have two different types of skin, but one thing in common, we both try just about every beauty product out there on the market. So, without hesitation, this was my choice.She asked that I try it and tell her what I thought. Her skin is oily, and she seems to have a problem with blackheads in the T-Zone on her face. Not many, but enough to notice and she's tried several other products that just didn't seem to work for her.  She said that without a doubt, this was one of the better products on the market. It did exactly what it said it would do, erase the blackheads, the only problem, because her skin is oily, and if this is your problem too, it doesn't stop them from coming back and the replacement pads (for what it's they are worth, I think are expensive).Now, when I tried it, I liked it much better as an exfoliator.  Same problem with the replacement pads though.  There are so many better exfoliants out there on the market and that's really not what this is for. I fortunately have normal to dry skin and no blackheads. But, when I read that it also exfoliated the skin, I thought it was worth a try.I'm certainly glad that I tried it and I do like it for certain things.  But, if you're looking for your miracle cure through this product, it probably isn't going to happen. Now, understand that this is just my opinion and with all of the beauty products out there that make these kind of promises, it's hard to say if you'll agree or not.  The only way to really tell is to try it yourself.Pros: Great exfoliatorGets rid of exsisting blackheadsLeaves skin Smooth and BeautifulCons: Expensive Replacement PadsDoesn't stop new Blackheads from Forming*Note - If you have any blemishes that are open, or any skin that is chapped or broken, it's not advised to use this product.  Problem skin?  It's worth a try.  See for yourself!"
i used this oil as a scent to my homemade hair products & it's very pleasant. it isn't overwhelming either.
"The name really says it all! It is a hot sexy red, like a cherry ""hot rod""! Looks Awesome, Must Buy! Covers well with 2 coats."
"Love this. It doesn't have any water but it's still great. It keeps my ends soft and free of frizzies. I used it after  on my wash days after my hair is dry. I rubbed about a pea size between my palms and applied it to my hair and my hair is quite soft. I also use it every night on my ends before I go to bed to keep it moisturized. Haven't used it on the body of my hair though because I'm scared it might weigh my hair down(some reviewers had said it weighed down their hair so I'm just being cautious). But besides this, it's been a great buy. A little expensive but a great buy. Will continue using this product."
"I bought this for 1/2 price at Marshalls recently and will never be without it or the conditioner again. I consider my long straight colored layered hair to be healthy, but using these products makes it healthier then ever. The smell is great and the product works really well Love it!"
I got this because at my new job I'm required to wear makeup because I need to dress like a &#34;fashionista&#34; I usually wear bareminerals but its expensive and you can see my dry skin with it. This doesn't show that my skin is dry but doesn't make it look fake. I have olive skin but my face is pale so I was worried about ordering this online since none of the stores in my town sell it. But it matches perfect
"I surf and play outdoor sports and also do yard work... I also live in FL, so a lot of the time I'm doing these things, I have to apply SPF. I've gone through countless containers of all the major brands (Coppertone, Banana Boat, Hawaiian Tropic, Bullfrog, even some Panama Jack) and can speak pretty confidently to the pros and cons of SPF.Bottom line? This stuff is pretty good. I'd buy it again if I was in the store looking for SPF 30 and it was appropriately priced.PROS:- water resistant for sports / swimming- very nice tropical/floral-y fragrance... not my favorite, as I prefer Banana Boat scent, but still nice- moisturizers will be nice for people who care about that stuff- reasonably pricedCONS: no major consOver the years I've come to rely most on Banana Boat as the combination of affordability / effectiveness and primarily useBanana Boat Deep Tanning Lotion with Green Tea Spf 8, 8-Ounces (Pack of 3)as I have somewhat tan skin naturally. The Banana Boat SPF 8 doesn't have the same scent, however, so it'd be a tossup for me between this nice Hawaiian Tropic sunscreen and theBanana Boat Sport Performance Sunscreen Lotion SPF 30, 8 Ounceif I saw them side-by-side in the store at the same price. Since this has moisturizers and smells nice, I'd probably pick this."
I have been using this item for a few months and it has been working as it is described. Do not find any fault in this product hence the 5 stars rating.
"As other reviewers have stated, Clarisonic (and other brands) of similar facial cleansing brushes can run over $100 for a starter set; while they have replacement parts available, those extra brushes and sponges also run about $40 each. No, this handy-dandy facial scrubber can't be used in the shower, and no, it doesn't have a spatter guard. It's also about 1/10th the price of brands that DO offer waterproof and splatter guard features. It then boils down to whether or not those features are important enough to pay a huge chunk of change for them? If they are, terrific... if not, this might be the power facial brush for you.It's very basic: wet your face at the sink, add cleanser and use the spinning brush to deep clean your pores. After rinsing off your face and patting dry--especially if you have dry skin--apply moisturizer and use the sponge applicator to massage it deeply into your skin. You can also use the sponge applicator with a mild, cream exfoliator if you aren't interested in using the (very soft) brush attachment to deep clean and exfoliate at the same time.Especially with a low price point, the Conair Power Facial Cleanser would make a terrific stocking stuffer or small gift at the holidays. I only wish it didn't have only a woman pictured on the box, because it's an ideal grooming gadget for young men to use as a deep cleaner and acne preventer. Preteen and teenaged girls will be happy to have this among their pile o' gifts... but don't rule out giving it to a guy!As an aside, I love the idea from another reviewer to use it as a stain-removing brush for clothing! The brush attachment has soft enough bristles to reduce the risk of damage to fabrics. I'm thinking it could also be used to clean sliver more quickly and easily (with silver polish), gently clean tile grout (with whitening toothpaste), buff out water rings or spots on wood (using the sponge applicator) and more!"
"I dye my hair a lot and like it to last as long as possible, so being able to skip washes is important. The scent isn't my favorite, but it does do what a dry shampoo is supposed to without causing any undesired effects to my hair."
Small bottle just perfect for the purse or to take when traveling. Same wonderful Chloe fragrance and adorable bottle. Wonderful!
"My hair has been suffered, over the last year, due to serious, ongoing lung problems that required antibiotics and steriods.  Your general health is really reflected in your hair. I have searched through numerous reviews for the best, natural, low scent products that would not break my bank account.  My hairdresser styled my damp hair with this during my last cut. WOW! Especially since I can no longer stand the color fumes, my gray hair is even more difficult to manage and have it look presentable. I have added it to my permanent arsenal against dry, dull, lifeless hair.Yes, it is not cheap, but only a small dab works on my short hair.  It did not make my hair oily or weight it down while making it soft and curing the winter frizzies.I really liked this could be order with Amazon Prime.  Instead of a high shipping charge.  More importantly my bank account gave me a 'thumbs up' on the Amazon price versus hair salon cost.The only minor hiccup was the pump.  It simply would not work.  That will NOT affect my decision to reorder.  Consider me a returning customer.Highly recommend!  It really improves your emotional outlook when your hair looks and feels healthy.Enjoy!"
Wish you had more of this color- it's the only one I will wear.  Can you get more in stock?
Seems fine on light skin that is lightly tanned. If you do not scrub your skin well it will create blotches that are darker than others area's and be obvious. Goes on easy with decent smell.
"This set has amazing colors. You can create all sort of nail designs. The packing is great too, it comes in a cute case to store them as we'll."
"i like these dotting pens...there were multiple sizes and are rather pretty but keep in mind they do come from hongkong so they will take a loooong time to get to you. Still, they do the job they were made for."
"Great for peels and I would get different sizes, this was my first buy and it works well but the fan is too big  for my small face, It would be wise if I ordered a smaller fan brush."
"This brush is extremely soft, like a feather gliding across your face, but the bristles don't have much body or stiffness. Loose or softer compact powders go on smoothly and evenly, but it doesn't pick up well from hard, compact powders. The construction seems good; I haven't had any problems with shedding bristles or loosening of the ferrule. I rate it highly for its softness, quality, and environmentally-friendly materials, but if I could only own one powder brush, I'd probably get something thicker."
"It does not clump or have a chemical smell like some of the other ones do. I like to switch my mascaras everyday, this is one of my most reached ones."
"As someone who stopped using tanning beds years ago, I often see quite a pale face staring back at me in the mirror. I have no problem getting spray tans, but those can pricey and let's be serious - cold! A girlfriend started using Jergens Natural Glow lotion, and I could really see a difference. I bought a bottle for myself, and was able to cut down on the amount of spray tans I was getting. I had one issue though - my body looked nice and bronzed, my face was still ghost white. I purchased the lotion that is specifically for the face as well, and I love it! I don't use it every day, but when I think I need a little boost or know I have weekend plans, I'll use it in the morning during that week and have a nice glow! I have great results with both the body lotion and the face lotion, though I will recommend to wash your hands good after use, or else you'll start to see coloration on your palms! Also, the face lotion can come out a little thick, so small amounts work best or else it almost feels like a mask.**4.5 stars**"
"I have adult female hormonal acne (around jawline) and use this face wash in combination with prescription Spironolactone and Clean & Clear Persa-Gel 10 and it has made such a huge difference in my skin. My jawline acne is gone, and I barely ever have a breakout. It is a bit drying, but moisturizer takes care of that."
"~Goes on easy~LOVE the colors~yes, it comes with a little bit, but a little goes a long way with this stuff~it kind of clumps, so I recommend sort-of kneading it before use to prevent clumps~time consuming, but it shows up great!~DO NOT SEAL IN WITH A TOPCOAT! That ruins the fluff :3"
"I have been searching high and low for the &#34;perfect&#34; bronzer. I can't stand matte powders because they just end up looking cakey. All the liquids I come across make me look like a damn vampire out of Twilight with all the shimmer. I don't know why it's so hard to find a cream/liquid bronzer without shimmer. Anyway, this stuff is great. It gives me just the right amount of bronze and is definitely buildable. And because it's water proof it lasts all day and doesn't come off with sweat which is so great. I love that it's very sheer so it doesn't look cakey, but I still look glowy without being totally sparkly. Great product."
I use this kit every 6 to 8 weeks on my husband's dyed dark brown hair. The kit is very easy to use and I usually leave it on around 25-30 minutes to produce caramel blondish results that blend very nicely into his hair.
Makes hair straightening easier and smoother.  That's about all that can be said for this unit.  It feels good in your hand and the smoothness of its feel is delightful.
"I have always had a dry scalp have been using Head and Shoulders for about 30 years.  Every so many years I decide to try something new, and sure enough, a month or two later I'm back to the blue stuff.Reading the labels, these both contain the same active ingredient in the same concentration (1% pyrethione zinc)I've been using the Head and Shoulders ""2-in 1"" shampoo/conditioner for a number of years.  I did the side by side test with the CLEAR MEN SCALP THERAPY shampoo and found them pretty near identical.  I would say that the CLEAR had a slightly less sudsy feel, which isn't a bad thing, and also had a much nicer smell.  It did not seem to condition my hair any better than the Head and Shoulders (I'm convinced that these 2-in-1 Shampoo/conditioners aren't as effective as using a separate conditioner)One additional note - for the past ~4 years I've been making a conscious effort to reduce the number of times I shampoo my hair each week.  ~Twice a week is a target for me and this definitely helps with the dry scalp.As a separate note, this is made by Unilever (A British/Dutch company) in the US.  Full disclosure - my cousin works for them out, though she had nothing to do with this review.If you have any questions or comments, or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!"
I was pretty skeptical and a little scared because of the initial instructions which seemed difficult. It's a completely different story once you start seeing results though.It does take a bit of practice but once you start get it going you'll definitely notice results.One of the most important things about this process; CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. Use medical-grade alcohol to keep your roller clean. Use a mild soap and the serum.  It hurts a little so use depending on your threshold of painBe diligent and you'll see great skin in no time.Seller was pretty prompt and kept in great contact. I'm looking forward to upgrading but i'll see how this one goes. Solid purchase4/5 Definitely recommend to people who want great skin.
"This gels is super strong, both in holding power and smell. Which, Axe is known for it's strong smells so it is just like its other products. I was able to put my hair up in a small mohawk and it stayed for several hours with this gel!It is super sticky, so once it is on your hands, only touch your hair!"
"This is my new favorite night cream, although I've taken to layering it under my sunscreen during the day too. As someone with sensitive skin and a light case of rosacea/sun damage this is one of the few night creams on the market that actually does calm my skin down. In fact it works better than creams that are easily 3 to 8 times the prices for me. Now I just have to pray they don't discontinue it."
Great quality and beautiful sharp images.  I especially love the design that looks like waves or water.  The thin lines come out really crisp.
I've been buying these for as long as I can remember - the pencil goes on smooth and the built in smudger tip is a necessity! Love love love these!
"This is one of the best new perfumes I've encountered in years (and believe me, I try them all). Jummy Choo's debut fragrance is very unique: floral but edgy, with notes of patchouli and something else (maybe amber? whatever it is, it's fab). I also must comment on the packaging, as the bottle is gorgeous (and perhaps a rip-off of the Flowerbomb bottle? hmm...). Staying power of the fragrance is maybe slightly above average, but the beautiful scent makes this a must-buy. I highly recommend it."
"Quick delivery,keeps my manicure looking good for a week, would recommend to anyone who uses polish and home manicures their nails."
I've been using these brushes for about a year now. Most have held up. They are average quality and still working well.
Great hairspray for the 'freeze need'.  This works.  and by works i mean really really works.  it freezes curls and hair in place and is the cheerleaders choice of hairspray even in hot conditions!
"I seriously spent $12 on 2oz of pure shae butter at Whole Foods.  Then I order it here and get 8x as much for 30% less. And it's actually better than the stuff from WF. We used this by itself for a bit, but it takes too long to liquify it for applying as a diaper cream, so I made it into a butt butter by adding lanolin, jojoba oil, vitamin E oil and beeswax. It's quite an amazing concoction.  This much makes enough for us to use for about 3 months. I'm just now ordering my second batch ingredients so I can give it out to our friends who are having children. I also love putting it on them, because then I get to have it on my hands.  I started using it as a soothing ointment after shaving too and it's better than anything else."
"This thing heats up and it's pretty. Isn't that what you want, something hot and pretty? It's perfect. It's awesome if you have a pixie cut and it's so thin. You might as well use your two fingers because that's how small it is. Sure it's damaging but every heating thing is damaging so that makes it okay."
"Este es un excelente producto, pero creo que mi NARS PRO-PRIME Eyeshadow Base empaque estaba un poco seco o contiene poco producto. Puede ser posible que mi prodcuto estuviera casi vac&iacute;o?This is an excellent product, but I think my NARS Eyeshadow Base PRO-PRIME package was a bit dry and contains little product. It may be possible that my prodcut was almost empty?"
"Perfect size, nice Matt color, Matt black container,goes on nice,smoothing,shipped faster then expected. Pairs good with their nude lip liner."
"I made this purchase from a recommendation and out of curiosity. I had been looking at it for a while and finally made the splurge. Off the bat I will say that this should be used as a top coat and not base coat. I found it to be not matte enough to maintain nail color stability if used as a base. It has amazing shine but over time the shine does dull and you may find yourself adding another coat of this to your nails to revive the shine or using a different top coat all together. It does harden your nails but maybe harden too much. What I mean by that is I used it as a base coat the first time I got it and then as a top coat with two coats of color between the two layers of this polish. I thought, wow, this is really strong. My nails aren't even bending. This is not good. You want your nails to have a little bit of elasticity on your nails just in case, say, you bump your nail on a door or table. If your nails are not flexible it will break, just snap off. This happened to me when I used just this product and nothing else. I got excellent elasticity when I used Sally Hanson Triple Strong as a base, added two coats of color, then this as a top coat. It was strong without the threat of breaking your nails. Because of that caveat I knocked a star off but it does do what it says, it hardens. Just try and be careful that you are using this with something else as well."
"I love this iron...I have really fine, limp, thin hair that never holds a wave or a curl. This was exactly what I needed to give my hair some volume. It's a good price considering the results you get. This works better than a triple barrel because you clamp down the hair, and your strands are covered in heat on all sides so the wave holds longer."
The Total Effects Anti-Aging Moisturizer does a very good job of moisturizing ash well as protecting from sun damage.  It goes on very smoothly and blocks the sun's rays as well.  Like any sun screen it recommends that you put it on just before going out in the sun and renew if you are going to be out for a long time.  it feels great on the skin and a little goes a long way.
"Not greasy, doesn't sting or burn.  I have used Mary Kay for many years, and decided to try something new.  This has a little more fragrance than I'd like in a night cream, but it replaces the 3 step MK process quite nicely!"
"Some key points about these wipes:+ Some other reviewers mentioned they are scratchy.  My understanding is that that is the point of exfoliating wipes - the texture helps exfoliate.  They do a good job without being harsh.+ Although not touted to do so, they remove makeup completely.+ One great use is for freshening up after a workout.+ Great that they lack scent.  I don't like having enduring perfume scents on or around my face."
"THIS PALETTE IS SO RICH AND BRIGHT IN COLOR.PIGMENTS ARE AMAZING AND DEEP.STRONG CASE AND EASY TO TRAVEL WITH.I WAS A BIT SCARED TO PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT BUT WHEN I DID I WAS SO EXCITED AND HAPPY WITH PRODUCT.YOU MUST BUY ONE YOURSELF.F.Y.IGREAT STOCKING STUFFER, BIRTHDAY GIFT AND CONGRATS GIFT."
"This is the SINGLE best purchase I have ever made in my life. Smells decadent, but doesn't ""hang"" in your hair... the smell eventually fades when it dries so it isn't overwhelming. Even my mother who is allergic to most smelly lotions, hair products and perfumes loooooves this oil. The oil pours out about the consistency of war m honey and soaks right into your hair without leaving it feeling greasy at all. I've been using it for about 2 weeks now, and the ONLY downside I can see to this product is that my hair doesn't hold a curl as well as it used to before I used the product, but if I strip my hair, I'm sure it will still curl... it's just made my hair just too damn healthy!"
"I ordered this with low expectaions because I have tried every hair serum I have ever come accross to no avail. I have long thick hair that becomes poofy when I allow it to air dry. Everytime I have tried a serum it either has not worked at all or it made my hair super oily, but that is simply not the case with this serum. I can comb it into my hair, then allow it to air dry or I can use a blow dryer & it ALWAYS turns out great :-) It also smells AWESOME! I have received soooo many compliments about how good my hair smells ever since I started to use this stuff! BUY it! You won't be dissapointed!"
I was a  it unsure of this product when I purchased it and saw some reviews. However I must say I am quite pleased with the product and I have since re-ordered. I love the product because it works for me. My skin has been clear and is of an even tone. Really enjoyed this product.
"A beautifully packaged, high quality Vitamin C Serum with Hyaluronic Acid for smooth, supple young skin. I love this stuff and am such an addict. I am pretty picky with what I put on my face and this serum is wonderful!! It feels soooo soft after my daily drops that I rub in. Lovely, light scent and doesnt cause any breakouts or reactions. Just smoothness."
If you are a person who likes to stand out from others and wear bold and bright colors then this product is for you. Try this Fuchsia blush just the right color for you. The price for this product is amazing and compact.
"I've been seeing a big commotion made over the effects of various BB creams, and I love using L'Oreal makeup and hair products, but I haven't noticed any difference in my skin during the two weeks that I've been using this cream.I gave it four stars though because the light skin formula was actually light enough to use on my fair skin without looking unnatural, and it doesn't have a yellow tinge like some of the other similar creams."
"Great little light. Cures your nails in no time at all! I Love it! It would be nice if it were a little bit bigger, but it does the job well!"
"Part of Dove's new men's skincare line, Dove Men + Care's Clean Comfort Body Wash lives up to its no-nonsense name.  The creamy, blue gel has a light, fresh fragrance that goes a long way in the lather department.  More importantly, it rinses off cleanly without leaving any oily residue behind, but doesn't leave the skin feeling too dry, either.  Best of all, the subtle residual scent left behind smells clean without being cloying, meaning it won't do battle with your cologne."
"I have tried MANY self tanners, and this is my favorite one for body.  It is reasonably priced, it is natural looking, and it is easy to apply.  I apply it prior to going to bed for the evening.  If you want it darker you just apply again the next evening.  I have friends that use it on their face.  I have sensitive skin so I only use it for body.  GREAT product"
"Absorbs completely, hydrates without shine.  Large jar: 1.7 ounces. Very important to have natural ingredients. No problem on sensitive skin. I have now tried 3 products from this line & love 'em!"
My sister bought me this color probably like in 2009 or 2008. I fell in love with this nude color. Perfect for my Caramel skin tone. This is the only nude lipstick I would ever wear. They stopped carrying it at stores. I looked everywhere for them but still couldn't find the. When I saw it on amazon and they were only $2.60 each plus free shipping I bought 4 of them. I think I will buy a lifetime supplies of them before amazon runs out. 10 stars for me!
"You can't get much for $20 these days.  However, an Andrew Jackson will get you the Conair 209R Ion Shine 1875 watt hair dryer from Amazon.com, and your even have some change left over!  This dryer produces an impressive jet stream of air, with a selection of 3 heat settings.  The technical specifications boast ""Clouds of negatively-charged ions neutralize positive charges that are in the air and reduce the static electricity that causes fly-away frizzies and dulls hair.""  Well, I don't know what all of that means but I will admit that my hair is not frizzy after using this dryer.  There is also a cold-shot button, which quickly removes heat from the air output, which is a great feature.  The dryer has a little weight to it, but it is not bulky and seems to be balanced quite well.  All hair dryers are fairly noisey but this Conair 209R Ion Shine is quieter than most of my previous dryers.One of my favorite features of this model, the built-in cord retractor, seems to be getting negative comments from other reviewers here on Amazon.  Common sense tells me that I should hold onto the heavy power adapter with one hand while holding in the cord release buttong with the other.  You easily control the retraction speed this way, which prevents the end from whipping around as most people are complaining about.  It's really not a big deal and doesn't take much effort on the user's part.I do wish that this dryer had three air speed settings, since high is sometimes too harsh, and the low setting is usually too soft.  Overall, for less than $20.00 this is a real bargain of a hair dryer and I couldn't be much happier with my purchase.  Thanks for the great deal Amazon!  =o)"
"Amazing product , I love elf eye primerBecause ,still to long period and That make eye shdaw the best"
"These colors are so pigmented. They will last a long time. U can use either wet or dry. For bright colors u can use as eyeliner if u want to have a simple eye. But the light, neutral, pastel pinks are great for shading the entire eye. U won't regret having this palette. A million eye combinations!!!!!!!!!"
"This turned out to be a very good purchase. Only one has broken so far and the rest work fine, are durable and do not damage the hair :-)."
This product smells great and the exfoliating beads really do make your face smell fresh and feel even better! I use this every time I'm in shower and the scrub that comes with it is BRILLIANT!! My face felt so silky and smooth after I got out. Try it!!
"I've been using Shiseido cleansing oil and wanted to upgrade, and went for DHC. I would say DHC is more easy to glide on your face and more lubed feeling. It does its job of removing face foundation, power, eyeshadow.  You may need eye make up remover for some type of mascara, liner. I still need to use eye make up remover to clean out the residues, but all other face make ups are okay using DHC alone. I was hopping DHC cleansing oil would be more hydrating than Shiseido because it is olive oil base, but it was not! My face feels little dry after washing with a warm water. I wonder if using an extra pump would make it more hydrating. I use 2 pumps for my face and this bottle looks like would last about 3 months max."
"I bought this for my daughter's long, wavy hair that she likes to keep tame.  I noticed how shiny her hair was looking and decided to try it on my fine, flat, short hair.It made my hair very shiny, soft and I can go two days without washing instead of having to wash every day.I'm definitely stocking up.Addendum:  Had to quit using because it caused my scalp to itch (I had the same problem with Moroccan Oil shampoo)."
"I'm giving it 5 stars because this clips do the job! I was looking for a small, nice and tight clip for pin curls, and this clips are awsome, are light weight so your curls doesn't drop down (like using regular aligator clips), also for a great price! Just Love it!I recommend this product if you're having issues setting up your curls!"
"This bb is lovely and refreshing.  The Moisture Petit really grew on me after I reviewed it (then it lasted forever!), and this Clearing Petit is really similar in terms of scent, coverage, and texture.  This bb has a nice pleasant fruity/floral scent that fades quickly.  It feels nice and fresh when I wear it and has a good medium coverage.  The texture is pleasantly smooth and concentrated.  Seriously these tubes last a lot longer than you would think given the size, but you don't need to use much.  The color is great for me (1/2 Korean and 1/2 white).  It does seem to reduce the appearance of pores and makes me a bit less oily for longer than some others."
"Charged is beautiful it really makes my blue eyes look more intense and the metallic finish gives it a sheen that doesn't look sparkly. Richly pigmented can easily due a chocolate/bronzy smokey eye with this. I have used several different brands of eyelid primers and it wears the same with all of them, doesn't fade. I think this would look beautiful on any eyecolor or skintone. A neutral that's not boring."
"This is very raw Shea butter with some particles in it.  It is organic and very healing on your skin. Shea butter is very moistening an easy to apply.  It is solid at room temperature, but melts on your skin very easily.  It goes on smoothly and absorbs very well.  It heals chapped hands, lips and is a natural sun screen.  It has worked very well on finger cuts and dry spots.  Great price!"
This body lotion smells so fresh and delicious. Another hit for Bath & Body for sure. It arrived on time and well packaged.
"Great for my curly hair. Helps my frizz and defines my curls. I don't need to use a lot either. I section my hair, use only a quarter sized amount, then let it air dry. It works best for me straight out of the shower when hair is fully wet. Using on dry hair did not work for me."
"Great product at a good price. I use this product often. It really does work well and helps to revitalize and replenish your hair. I would highly recommend this product. It is expensive, so I often shop Amazon and Ebay for deals. I have only tried 3 of the scents and the scents are mild, so it is not strong at all.  Which is very good for me.  I like it quite well.  Thank you and Enjoy!"
I have always liked their products and this was a great deal to boot.  The body wash is creamy and your body feels good afterward.
"I have used this for months and love it. I have long, thick hair and it takes a long time to dry my hair. The Diva Darling has been a great time saver. I can put my hair up in the CD while I put on my make-up. My hair is almost dry when I am ready to finish it. It is efficient and cute. I love the retro look and won't be without one."
"It seems impossible that such a simple looking little pin would do such a great job of keeping hair where it belongs, all day and all night. I put my baby-fine hair in a french twist, a style which is notorious for falling out unless you add pounds of hairspray.  With these hairpins, I don't need hairspray at all, which keeps my hair feeling soft and nice.Even though I have blonde hair, I use the tortoise shell hairpins, because they hide inside a bun or twist so well.  They never seem to break, and don't come out until I remove it at night.  Even in rain, wind or humidity, these hairpins just don't let go. They seem expensive compared to bobby pins, but they work so much better that they're well worth the price.They only have one drawback:  theft by other long-haired family members, such as daughters or sisters.  (I don't think I need to explain a whole lot more about that.) I suggest you buy an extra package and hide it for later."
liked these especially the thinner ones for day they were also easy for me to apply. I will definitely order more of the thinner ones .
"I love this case. It is pink, durable and roomy. It has a shoulder strap which is a major plus for me. :-) :-) :-)"
"I ordered this pallette and when I received it, I could not believe that I got this many colors in one set. very good colors and perfect quality."
"These Biore Deep Cleaning Pore Strips work quite well.  I had never used a product like this before so I was not sure what to expect.  I used them for a ""spa day"" at home at which I gave myself a facial.  This combo pack is a good value since it contains both nose and face strips and the face strips can be cut to the size needed.  As others have pointed out, the best method to get these to work is to have your face quite wet and to allow them to dry thoroughly before removal.  This pack should last a long time and I intend to get more once I run out."
"I wasn't crazy about this mascara when I first tried it.  It was very wet, which I know sounds funny, but it was.  After a week or two, it dried out a little and thickened a bit and I am very happy.  The formula is incredibly pigmented.  It is super black.  You can build it up nicely.  I have never had an issue with it flaking off or smudging during the day.  I love this mascara and I will definitely repurchase."
This polish is on the thicker side so it applies evenly and doesn't need too many coats. I use this as a base coat and for multiple color layering and it makes even the thinnest paints vibrant with just one coat. A must have if you do your own nails and want to step up your game.
I've used this cleanser for several years now and can't imagine using anything else.  Good price on Amazon :)The product arrived quickly and as described.
"I like this dryer because it doesn't get as hot as my last dryer, but still manages to dry my hair in about half the time.  It is medium sized and the quality is decent, my only gripe is that the plastic coating is starting to peel off in some places.  My hair is smooth and silky after using this, no frizz."
"Worth the money if you're willing to be super tender with it. I dont brush it for fear of pulling out hair, but luckily it looks good still."
Don't like the smell but overall it makes my hair feel and look healthier. I've got Asian hair and it works great on my hair.
"The Wet Shine Gel from Axe is a solid addition to the new line of Axe hair products.I've tried the Axe Dust and Axe Spiking Glue, and the wet shine gel is no different. All solid and does what they intend to do. With the wet shine gel, my hair has a modest amount of shine, a very flexible hold, and does not flake out.I can be confident with my hair when going out.Solid addition to any man's hair product arsenal."
I guess it's the white gardenia that is making this soap smell so good. I love it. My husband loves it too but considers it a woman's soap because of the smell. It does clean good and doesn't leave a residue in the tub. I will be buying more of this product!
I bought this so I could practice my smokey eyes without breaking the bank. Its filled with neutral colors so you wont worry about not using certain colors unlike other eye palette's. The shadows work great together and with other makeup. Very happy with it!
smells good. doesnt weigh hair down. makes it less frizzy.
"Great color! The polish does a great job of coating streak free. It dries nice and shiny. If she's happy with it, I'm happy with it."
I use an illuminator mixed with my liquid makeup or bb cream and then set it with this spray. It helps my makeup stay on for about 5-10hrs. And boy do I look amazingly dewy(healthy shine).
It gives any manicure a &#34;pop&#34; or can be used to create crisp lines for striping. Due to the thin nature it can be a little difficult to handle but all in all a great thing to have for any nail art enthusiast.
it comes with so much I will never run out of the product its an amazing glue. once I run out I will repurchase it.
"I love this mascara. After trying MANY other brands, I always come back to this one. It is lengthening and buildable and it does not clump. You can't go wrong with this."
"I use a lot of body lotion because of my dry skin. When I received the bottle of lotion, I didn't immediately figure out how to get the pump going. My husband figured that the instructions on the white part of the pump.  There are white raised letters on white and I couldn't see it because of my glaucoma.The sense is pleasant not very strong so that is great. The consistency is lush, thick and non-greasy.My skin already feels softer.I haven't had time to find out if it firms or not because I just got it. If it does, then I will be back for more. Today I am just enjoying this luxurious body lotion. I think almost all lotion is soothing  but this definitely is."
These trays are nice to remove gel polish. They are acetone proof and make it very easy to soak off the gel polish.
"The packaging says it all: strong hold without the hardness. I've used spray, wax, and gel - but this stuff is thebest of all. A pea-sized amount is enough for my whole `doo.My favorite part is that the whole ""spiking"" thing is optional. I spike my hair on theweekends, but switch to something more clean-cut during the work week - both withthe same product.I'm not fond of Axe products and their pungent smell, but the fragrancein this product is slight. No matter what hairstyle you want, this spiking glue works great.The only reason to use something different would be if you want shiny hair, since this has a matte finish."
"Used to use a creamy eye make-up remover but it just wasn't cutting it. This works well (yes, you do need to shake it first, well, before you use it). I prefer shaking it, twisting the lid off, then holding a cotton ball to the bottle opening, because it's too liquidy to just neatly pour a dab on a cotton ball using the little spout (literally poured out, hit the cotton ball, bounced off, and went all over my sink the first time I used). Product did leak a little when shipped, even though it was thoroughly taped up by the shipper, still leaked. This Alba's fault, put one of the peal off tabs on the opening of the bottle or something! But, again, good product, wiped my water-proof mascara off likety split."
"This is the only detangler I will ever use the rest of my life unless it's no longer made.  It smells delicious, it is silky, and it doesn't have those chemicals or other ingredients (like mineral oil and dimethicone) that really aren't good for you.  It's nutritious, it works and it smells great - like mango or summer fruit.  I recommend it to everyone I know with curly, dry or biracial hair.  They love it too."
"This is a very good heat protectant spray for flat ironing, curling iron, blow dryer. I sprayed it on my wet hair after I washed it, woke up next moring & lightly sprayed it again before I ironed. My iron went through it fast! It left a nice shine to my hair & it feels & smells so good. I normally use the Its a 10 Leave in as my flat iron spray, which I love! But this is very good too. I was surprised that another product would work as well as the Its a 10. Cheaper too, by like $10. I will still use Its a 10, but I think I will use this product more so bc its good for using on wet hair as a styler, helps to keep my hair from looking frizzy & messy. I think I will use it too when I curl my hair with hot rollers too. Its a really nice product that I think I just got hooked on! I will look for it in stores, but if I cant find it, I'll buy in on Amazon!"
"These are very soft! They pick up the makeup and apply well, and haven't shed when applying or when washing. Very nice starting kit for a great value, I'd say!The pouch does have the paint can smell, but for me it wasn't obvious at all. In fact, I can only smell it if I put the pouch up to my nose. The smell hasn't transferred to the brushes for me either, so it's a total pleasure using them. I didn't even need to air them out. And though I imagine I could air out the smell on the pouch I haven't needed to since I'm not gonna go around burying my nose into the pouch all the time (I bought from seller Accessories 4 All)."
"This isn't beige, it's platinum blonde and very pretty. It's thick and doesn't look fake, even with the pink. Fits well, good price, happy kid, so what more can you ask for?"
"The big question is how do you refill this thing without buying the refill kit? If you cannot do it then this thing will be very expensive in the long run. Luckily, there are tons of online video tutorials on the web. You can just pop up the top and refill the container with more Lysol handsoap or your preferred liquid soap.The sensor is pretty responsive, but you need to learn how to use it; it is all in the timing. You need to wait until it stops dispensing before you remove your hand under it. If not you will end up with a lot of mess under the dispenser. On the other hand, if you put your hand too long, it will dispense another goop.Requires AA batteries."
"First, It is pitch black, and very long lasting. The box came with all the tools you need, even came with a very good pair of gloves. But most of all, my hair was soft and shinny for months."
"This product is excellent for dry skin! I like to put a couple of drops into the palms of my hands, rub them together to warm up the oil, and smooth onto my freshly shaved legs.Makes my skin glow and keeps it moisturized and extremely smooth! This product came right in time for summer when I like to wear a lot of shorts, bathing suits, and tank tops. I use it anywhere I have dry skin because it works so well.It doesn't irritate my skin in any way and I've used it on my legs, arms, cuticles and feet.Oh, and as far as cuticles--it will make your nails look healthier and shiny. At least, that's what it does to mine. That is a big plus for me since I love for my nails on both my hands and feet to look pretty. My toenails need to look good for all of my sandal and flip flop wearing days.I have yet to try it on my stretch marks, but I'm thinking of trying this out soon... I also plan on trying it on my hair when I'm not using VoilaVe's Argan Oil. (I wrote a post for this product too.)I use this stuff so often so my 1 fl oz bottle will probably be empty soon. I'm definitely going to have to be buying a new bottle before I know it and I'd be happy to since I love this oil.I don't mind using this oil so often since it is natural with no fillers in it.As a product tester, I was sent a free bottle in exchange for my honest review. No other compensation was received. All opinions expressed are solely my own."
"I've been using this lip color for many years. I like the raspberry shade of pink, the ease of application, the long-lasting color that rarely needs a touch-up. It stays &#34;put&#34; and doesn't run into those lip creases we develop as we age.  My only complaint would be the frequency with which I have to buy the tubes.  Using daily, the color side of the tube honestly doesn't last more than 30-40 days for me.  I always end up with the clear gloss side being more than half full when the color side is empty.  I think more lip color could be gotten from the tube if the applicator was as long as the tube of color.  I always think there is more product at the bottom that I just can't get to with the provided applicator."
"There's not a ton you can say about shampoo, but this one seems to be pretty good. I'm not sure if it's adding as much volume as it says, but that's hard to tell when you're only trying to the shampoo. My hair feels nice after I use this."
I love really dramatic eyelashes so these were perfect for me. And I have big blue eyes so I don't need to cut them or anything like that. I usually can reuse one pair about 5 times before I throw them out so they hold up really well. My favorite lash glue comes from Revlon and it goes perfectly with these lashes and any lashes really. I've ordered form them before and I've been happy everytime I've ordered from them. And you can't beat the price for how many pairs you get. Love them!
i have been using Benefit High for years!! it helps highliht the brow bone and hides any strays in between threadings(or wax--your preference!). it really does make your brow bone more accencuated!! it helps open up your eye and helps the brow do its job--frame your pretty face!! follow it up with their brow wax-pencil(all available for a better price on Amazon!) and your killer brow look is polished!!
Been using this with the other brightening products in this line and have been enjoying them.  Mush cheaper then some other brightening brands.
Awesome product !!!  I have been using it for years.  Great for taming the frizz and a small amount goes a long way.  This bottle will last me for at least a year and I have long hair.  This is a product you will not regret purchasing !!!
Goes on evenly. Colors are great you can really match them to your skin color. Bare minerals always goes on so smoothly.
"Excellent perfume with an unusual scent.  This has turned into one of my absolute favorites and I receive many compliments from both men and women.  When I run out I always buy a new bottle, I hope they never stop making it.  The bottle is absolutely lovely as well."
"This is the first lip butter I get from Revlon. The texture of the product is soft and gentle to my lips, however is missing some pigmentation. Overall is a good product. Don't regret buying it."
"I've had some Tweezerman tweezers for the past 3-4 years and they are well worth it. I use them daily and they usually grab the most difficult hairs. I purchased the scissors because of my experience with their tweezers and the reviews that I read. For those who care, I have very thick and  curly African-American hair and I bought these scissors to trim my ends but not for an all out haircut. So far they have clipped my ends evenly and they don't appear to be of cheap quality. I have read that other people have had success with haircuts using these scissors as well. So far the Tweezerman brand is looking good and I would say that if you can't afford to have a professional cut your hair these scissors should be able to give you a presentable look."
"It smells awesome, the color is great.  It's not really very moisturizing though, I have to use some other lip balm underneath"
"I do enjoy Dove's Fresh Awake face and body wash. The scent is pleasing, yet not overbearing. The soap contains small scrubby bits, which work into nice lather. It rinses away clean, and leaves my face feeling very smooth.The soothing clean that my skin feels afterward is noticeably refreshing; I enjoy this version tremendously."
"I have thin, fine, limp hair. This thickening serum brings my hair to life.....the absolute best hair body building product that I have ever, ever used. I am 66 yrs old and a retired hair stylist...have used many products... high cost & low cost. This is very highly recommended. Just remember don't use to much. I have chin length hair & used about three small pumps. Play around with it....use your blow dryer with your head down and hair forward until its half way dry.....this will do wonders...use a brush to shape your hair the way u want it. Try using it different ways."
"I received a wonderful Super Brightening Vitamin C Serum from Joyal Beauty. I don't have an issue with wrinkles, spots or rough aged skin so I gave it to my mom to try out. From the first use she noticed her skin was much softer then what she was used to. She only had to use a small amount and it made her skin look and feel younger!The only thing she disliked it that it is a spray pump rather then a dropper. She really prefers the dropper but made the spray work for her. This product totally does what it claims. My mom and I would totally recommend this product to anyone needing such a serum!"
Perfect coverage and does not dry out my skin.  I usually use lancome but tried this and its just as good if not better because its 1/4 the price of lancome foundations.
"I always read & watch reviews before I make online purchases. I saw a couple of reviews on this concealer and I love it. I would recommend you shake them upon using because they seem to be water base. Overall, good product I love the highlighted effect it give me. I bought this product for a highlight."
"I use an electric razor, and no matter what the quality of shave just isnt as close as a blade, but there is alot less damage to the face and there is no buying blades. I like an Aftershave with boric acid so when I saw that this Hair Tonic contained boric acid I ordered it. Black Magic by Isoplus also contains boric acid which acts as a mild antiseptic and keeps my face smooth. I use a Fine Talc before I shave and I did that today. I used the Jeris as an aftershave treatment and noticed my beard stood up, so I shaved again and the result was super smooth. The smell is very manly and mild, and is very old time. Couldnt be happier with this historical formulation which was invented by a Russian immigrant who went on to be a motel mogul. Even the Jeris trademark has been allowed to expire but Im glad american international still keeps it alive."
"This product is the best heat protector out there!! It smells wonderful! It's a little oily at first but when it reacts with the heat it leaves your hair feeling SOFT and SILKY and you have the most beautiful shine ever!! Not that oily nasty shine but the nice color shine from your natural hair. It does protect your hair and I recommend that you don't use any heat products unless you spray this before it. While your friends are frying their hair, you're only improving the health of yours. I do recommend this to everyone!"
"I recently had the Japanese Hair Straightening done on my hair. This time my hair started failing out. A hairdresser recommended I use this product as well as the Nioxin #3 for chemically treated hair. After going to several drugstores, I  finally found this product. I could tell a difference after the first use. The product is a type of gel without any noticeable smell that goes on your scalp and seems to seal the hair in. My hair loss went from alarming to just a few hairs falling out. IF you purchase it for stopping hair loss you should also consider purchasing biotinNOW Foods Biotin 5000mcg, 120 Vcapsand a silk cap at night to wear. Also brush from the ends and as mentioned you must get a good deep conditioner otherwise this product will leave your hair feeling stiff. Will purchase again."
"I can't say enough about this dispenser and the face wash by Clearasil. First, this is a compact product so if you have space issues, this could work for you. The face wash clicks in at the top and through the magic of the sensor light, you run your hand under the head and the exact ""dose"" dispenses. This is handy since most people manually dispense more product than needed and this product ensures you get the full number of washes you should get. Love that. It comes with two face washes.Second, the face wash itself is not harsh - the active ingedient is Salicylic Acid, which is the best and safest ingredient for keeping skin clear and healthy at any age. I didn't feel dry or tight after a wash, just clean.As I've said at the top of this review, I can't say enough about this face wash and dispenser. Try it. You'll love it! Especially at such a reasonable price."
I just absoultely love this body wash.  It makes your whole house especially your bathroom smell fresh and sweet. It also makes your skin feel soft and clean.  I will buy this product again.
"This product is perfect and easy to use.The seller is great and sends you instructions on how to use it, if you need to ask as I did.Everything came on time.This is a great way to start body brushing and a great product to do so with."
"Not sticky, decent coverage. This does not last long, however. It feels like satin, but it does have a cherry robitussin smell."
"such amazing designs. fast delivery, great designs, no flaws, transfers well. 5 stars all the way. also got the other &#34; fairy set: equally as amazing as this one."
"I am glad I bought this, I use this for the foundation, after I apply the foundation, which is just a little, then I apply the powder on both in circular motions. I am really glad I bought this and I love this line."
Good product works well. Only con if you are a slim person you may have a little trouble with the belt. Love this belt but it doesn't fit as tight as I would like.
"I love this pallet so much! My mom and my grandmother now want me to get them one because they love the highlighter and the blush. I have been using this everyday since I received this, so for about a month and a half. I will definitely order again. Oh and just so you know before you buy this is that the colors are really pigmented so a little goes a long way. So I just put on a light swipe blush and it gives off the perfect color. So nice :3"
"I never thought I needed a straightener with an LCD screen or thermostat, but this thing ROCKS!You press down the power button firmly, and a bright blue screen lights up.Next, you choose the actual temperature (not just numbers 1-25, like my old straightener; who knows what temperature it was??) you want, and in less than a minute, beep-beep, it's ready!The grip is super-comfortable, making the straightener easy to maneuver.  The wand isn't that big.  There's a rounded edge that I used to give the ends of my hair a bit of a curve, but it would work just as well for simple straightening.I didn't notice any particular smell, other than that of a new heat appliance.  I also didn't notice any unwanted residue from the avocado oil & vitamin E.This is one terrific piece of equipment, and my old straightener is definitely being handed down!"
"I really like this product! It instantly lifted my skin and made my complexion glow. It hydrated my skin without leaving it greasy. I also have very sensitive skin and this product was very gentle on my skin. My husband also tried it and really liked the Anti Aging effects on his skin. If you are looking for an anti aging, anti wrinkle, deep hydrating serum then Adovia Mineral Lift Serum is for you!Disclosure: I received this product for free in exchange for my honest opinion."
"In winter, my hands often crack and bleed. I need a moisturizer that works very well, and doesn't come off easily. When this lotion arrived, I was thrilled - it has a luscious scent, the same as all the other Suave Moroccan Infusion products. I globbed a bit on my hands, and liked how they felt when the lotion soaked in.It didn't last. As soon as I washed my hands, they felt as rough as sandpaper.  I quickly went back to my heavy-duty lotion, which is boring and unscented, but keeps my hands baby-soft. I decided to use the Suave Professionals Body Lotion on my legs, so I'd get the benefit of the lovely scent on a part of me that doesn't get so much abuse.The lotion works beautifully on my legs. I'm very happy when I use it there, while using a much stronger lotion on my hands."
"This is a light, refreshing and fruity scent. I prefer the Eau de Toilette because it is not as intense. It mixes great with your body scent and produces a great fragrance."
"We wanted to test Dan's products first and they are superior to anything in the store. The husband loves the non-scent, the non-color, and the &#34;feel&#34; of all the products. He got the jojoba oil for shaving and stuff too and digs that as well. We have since purchased the larger sizes."
"I can't believe the quality ingredients in this cream at this price.  I'm used to paying much more for anything with collagen.  This one is so reasonably priced and so creamy, I can use as much of it as I want. I'll definitely be re-ordering."
These were a great deal. It does take some practice to use them effective. I found cutting pieces the size I needed and using a pair of tweezers to apply them worked best for me. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was trying to find the end of the tape when I allowed it to stick to the rest of the roll.
"People are so immature. Yes, the product looks goofy, we get it, but leaving whole bunch of fake reviews is not funny, it's just plain stupid.That being said, facial flex does work. I had a smile line that I couldn't get rid of and that was the only reason i paid $50 for something like that. Within two day, I am not kidding, the line was gone. No only that, my upper lip got fuller. It does make your face,neck and even tongue very sore at first, but just like with any other workout,you get used to it.I am very happy with the results and will continue using it.UPD. I realized I forgot to mention that I am 26 y.o. with no skin aging issues just yet. I sleep on my right side, so overtime I got a crease along the smile line. I am still using the product, along with putting a ban-aid on the sides of my mouth when i go to sleep, so I don't get that line back. I also put petroleum jelly on the area(believe it or not it fills wrinkles in temporarily). If I forget to do my routine, the line comes back obviously, so it has to be done every day.I noticed that some people ordered the product based solely on my review and were disappointed with it, so I thought I'd edit it and let them know what kind of issue it fixed for me."
"I'm still fairly young so I didn't expect a huge difference in my skin. Given that, I appreciate the smooth feeling I get when I step out of the shower. I almost don't need lotion. The lather is lovely and soft and also, the smell is great. Very fresh and light. I'm a Dove fan for life."
"This is one of the best eye treatments I've ever used. Not only does it come in a nice large pump bottle (1.7 oz which is bigger than most other eye treatments), but the gel has been working wonders on my eye area. It cools and soothes around my eyes, which reduces puffiness and is really refreshing after a long day. It is also helping to reduce my dark under-eye circles and make me look more youthful and awake. In the mornings, it is a nice pick-me-up and absorbs well so that I can easily put makeup over it. I use it both morning and night.I recommend this eye gel to anyone - young or old - who wants a nice eye treatment"
Good price for the amount of these! I'm always losing mine so its nice to have a big bulk.
"This is most *definitely* an oil. It has a strong, oily smell that reminds me of Sardo Bath Oil, the heavy product my mom used when I was a kid. But the smell dissipates fast and the oil dries quickly and completely. The pump spray works well, too. I use this for that spot between my shoulder blades -- you know, where it always gets dry and you simply cannot reach it. No matter what angle I hold this bottle at, the spray came out evenly. I subtracted a star for the value for the money. This is only 3 oz. Vaseline makes a similar product that comes in a 6.5 oz. size and sells for about the same price."
"I'm really happy with this. I bought is thanks to ksprite's review on here. I was scrimping for the Clarisonic, but I'm over the moon I went for this one. I saw instant results, which is always a plus when you're trying something new (I hate waiting to see fabulouslness emerge). I have desert dry skin, and no matter how much I exfoliate or how rough the product, I still suffer from scaly patches of skin. One round with this puppy fixed that right up, even on the gentler cycle. I'm in my 30's and struggle with dull skin and a depressing onslaught of tiny wrinkles popping through, and so far Olay has helped with those issues. My skin actually glows. Lovely. I'm combining this with other Olay ProX and Regenerist products, and I'm really happy with the entire package. I've always taken good care of my skin, so it's exciting to find something reasonably priced that does the job as well as department store potions. I highly recommend this.The back of the package has the only instructions that come with the product, which is nuts since even coffee filters these days come with illustrated step by steps. But it does tell you how to wrench off the battery cap and how to prep the face for use. And it's hardly rocket science, so I can't complain.Overall, I'm really happy I bought this, and I'm excited to see continued improvement in my skin's dryness and dullness. You really can't go wrong with this."
"we use. Dove soap all the time. We do't use any particular ""special"" type such as Restore. So it was interesting to see if Restore was any different.We also don't generally use soap for washing hair; we use shampoo for that, as do many people.Resotre is every bit as good as any of the Dove soaps, which is to say it is very good. IT leaves a clean and refreshed feeling, and the scent is not too much, but just enough to be pleasant. In Restore, the coconut oil isn't overposering either.So what about the hair conditioning properties claimed in the advertising? We really couldn't tell about that, though we gave it a try. I think you would have to use this soap long term to really tell, but using the single sample bar that we were sent, we couldn't really tell. In any case, it's doubtful that it will be better than a carefully chosen shampoo.I rate this product 4 stars rather than 5. It is 5 star quality, but one off for the overly enthusiastic advertising claims."
What must I say the name speaks for itself. This was my 1st sigma brush set and I'm in love. They all work perfect for all my coloring and highlighting needs this is the perfect set for beginners and pros and the price was just right!
"My Vitamin C Serum arrived packaged very securely - the dropper and the glass bottle of serum were individually packaged in little zip bags and wrapped in bubble wrap inside a padded envelope. (The image on Amazon shows a different kind of dispenser on the top of the bottle, but mine came with the separately packaged dropper, which I prefer).Immediately upon application (in the morning on clean skin), my skin felt softer and smoother from the moisturizing qualities of the serum. And after a week of use, my skin seemed firmer and less saggy in the cheek area (where I'm particularly starting to notice my age showing). I use this product daily, after washing my face but before using my regular moisturizer (I let the serum dry before applying more moisturizer - I double up because I have incredibly dry skin). The webpage for the product also says that it'll remove fine lines around your eyes, but I don't have those yet (and hopefully won't for some time to come if I keep using the serum!) so I can't vouch for the veracity of that claim. I also am happy to say that the ""freckles"" (as I prefer to call them, since it sounds better than ""age spots) on my cheekbones are nearly gone. They're now easily covered by just a little tinted BB cream instead of having to use concealer (and really probably aren't even noticeable to anyone except me).If you haven't tried Vitamin C Serum yet, you should definitely give it a try! With the 100% money back guarantee, you really have nothing to lose (except wrinkles and age spots!).Disclosure: I received this product for free via Tomoson.com; however, I only recommend products I personally use and support."
"We bought this to add silver highlights to my teenage daughter's light blonde hair.  I was very skeptical at first that it would work.  We left it in for one hour, and the results were stunning.  It gave her beautiful silver highlights - she looks like an Elven Princess or something.  She then uses this shampoo for washing her hair daily and that keeps up the silver look.If you want silver highlights, this product is definitely a good one!  [Note:  You will need to start with light blonde hair - we use another hair dye to get her to light blonde, and then this gentle Shimmer Lights Shampoo to add the silver highlights.]Great product - we are both extremely pleased with it!"
"I've never used any sort of eye makeup besides eyeliner and very basic eyeshadow. I started following /r/makeupaddiction on Reddit and I decided I wanted to try something new with my makeup. Unfortunately, I didn't own any of the brushes they used to get these looks. I didn't want to spend a bunch of money since I wasn't sure if I was going to be any good at putting on eye makeup. I found these, cheap and all the starter tools. I love them. They seem strong and they have been easy to clean. I don't think I will need anything new for a while."
"A gorgeous grape color with a slight holographic finish. :) Very pretty, and you can achieve full opacity in one thick coat, or two thin coats.This polish has an amazing fast drying formula."
I was afraid of color but Wet N Wild is helping me see the light. Quality as great or maybe greater than MAC...don't be duped
"I have only used it once and I only did a milk application, which is only a layer of the peel on my skin. I am very happy with the results, my skin feels better, although a little dry and flaky right now &#8211; but that is NORMAL!  You only use the peel once every seven to fourteen days. I can tell you that I will definitely be doing the peel, as well as the Boot Camp for Beautiful Skin.I would recommend this to everyone that wants their face to clear up and feel better!**I received in exchange for my honest opinion**"
"This palette offers so many color varieties and the makeup stays put in their individual compartments.  It's not an HD makeup or high pigment so you will need a primer, but when they are coupled the colors will pop."
"Even though this is geared towards men, as a woman I love this product.  It really does leave my skin feeling fresh, clean and energized.  I like using it first thing in the morning for a nice pick me up when I first wake up.  The tube lasts a really long time and the scent is nice and not overpowering.  I find it very gender neutral and have found that it doesn't interfere with other scents that I wear either.  I use a tiny bit on a washcloth and it really does a great job."
"I have been using self  tanners for along time, and now judging St. Moritz by the reviews I'm so glad I ordered this self tanner. I almost went for the St. Tropez but the price is way out of line, this is the best, and I will keep using this as my to go to tan."
Tingles good on scalp.  Used as part of a receipe for short natural hair that has been hard to grow.
nice amount oh tips... but hard to see the number of each nail. But I like the product especially the price.
This is by far the best body wash I have ever used! It is rich and creamy and the salts do a really great job at exfoliating my skin to make it super soft!
"The best part about this Organic Argan Oil product is that it is a total multi-tasker. I have been using it to moisturize and hydrate my very dry skin, face, hair and body.  I use it right out of the shower to help lock in the moisture. The scent is light and very natural and it disappears pretty fast. I have been using it for the last week or so and I just love it. It feels very good on my skin.  I have used it on my face as a moisturizer and all over my hands.  I rub a few drops in my hands and cuticules and massage into my damp hair too. I find my hair and skin is looking more hydrated and fresher. I am impressed at the difference and will keep using this regularly. I also like that I can save space when I travel by eliminating other creams and lotions. I am just thinking ahead to my next business meeting and thinking I can stash this Pure Organic Argan Oil in my luggage and save space."
it stays on all day and applies very nicely. the only reason it gets four stars is because it can be clumpy sometimes
This piece is extreamly great quality. If you haven't purchesed anything from coastal scents you will not be disappointed. Like all brushes make sure you clean them properly to maintain it's shape and quality. Honestly this has everything you need so you don't have to invest in any more brushes unless you need extras for some reason. Loving it!!
"I really like these little things! takes off Lip gloss too, also eye shadow, Got these from My Mom, She likes them too.  Do u like these a lot? try them today there great to have! :)&lt;3"
these makeup brushes are amazing! they ship super fast and for they're price it is completely worth it. they pick up makeup really well and the pouch they come in is absolutely adorable! i will definitely recommend this to a friend! thanks shany cosmetics for your great products!!
"First off, I don't need spiking glue (at my age).  But, my kids have ""crazy hair day"" a few times per year at school - so spiking glue is a necessity in our house.  I was actually impressed with the Axe Spiking Glue.  At $8 the price is right.  It has allowed my kids to get more creative with their crazy hair.  It doesn't smell, it washes out easy.So overall, I would buy it again and 5-stars from me for price/value."
"The packaging is adorable, the cream smells amazing, and the application is easy! Great  for sensitive skin and feels extremely refreshing afterwards."
"I am African-American and have fine, relaxed hair that is prone to tangles.  I tried this conditioner today and I am throughly impressed!  I have tried many, many conditioning products (probably hundreds).  This one comes out in the top ten to be sure.  It smells terrific; but more importantly, it really coats my hair well and conditions throughly- even after just a few minutes.  I imagine the results would be even better if left on longer.  After using this conditioner, my hair is very soft, shiny and has a lot of body.  My hair was much easier to detangle right out of the shower too.  This will defenitely be one of my go-to products."
I actually bought this brand because it's what my manicurist was using on my nails. It's great quality and it looks like I might know what I'm doing when I use these :)
"I really like this stuff a lot. I wish I could find it in other colors besides the ones that are for specific eyes.  Its so easy to put on and stays on and doesn't crease, as promised.  It's easy to highlight and get accent with just one tool.  LOVE IT."
"I was looking for a substitute moisturizer for Boscia Revitalizing Black Hydration Gel, but of course nothing seems to be comparable since they are all different. I did not want to pay a lot of money for something that only cost that much due to brand name. I stumbled across this Aloe Vera moisturizer along with the day cream. I did my research on the ingredients, how it compares to other top brands, and the reviews people gave. I was a little worried because it was 'cheap' but I think it's a social mentality. Not all 'cheap' products are bad. So I bought the night cream and day cream to try and I LOVE IT. I use it on my face as well as bug bites.This moisturizer did not make me feel like I have a ton of oil on my face. I have combination dry/oily skin with some acne. I don't use foundation or any make-up besides eye liner. I definitely noticed a difference in my skin. It's less flaky and dry but not too oily. It's like matte. There is also a cool sensation. My face is a lot smoother than usual... and I love it. It feels like I have baby skin again! I don't need to apply a lot to cover my skin so this product lasts for a long time. I've always been on a search for the right moisturizer that works for me and THIS works for ME. Despite all the positive reviews, make sure  you do your research and see if it FITS FOR YOU and YOUR SKIN.I also used this on bug bites, mainly mosquitoes. I get a bad allergic reaction and swell up. It literally looks like someone punched me wherever the mosquito bite is. I applied the night cream and it was soothing, mainly because of Aloe Vera. Because it's so soothing, I didn't feel the urge to scratch and can slept well. The next morning it was practically gone. This is the first time anything worked on me so well and I'm happy with it. This review goes for the DAY and NIGHT cream. I also suggest the Day cream with SPF."
for under my eyes and hour glass ambient light powder.  Sigma brushes are well worth the $ and I will continue to add to my collection.
I love this product. It really gives my hair a curl definition and it doesn't weigh my hair down. Very good product.
Great value... especially for what it does. Not only does this product work but it looks good.. the packaging I mean and the smell is clean and simple and does not clash with your perfume. Its not ugly in your bathroom with the simple calm colors of the packaging.
"I picked these up since I'm always looking for ways to effectively take off my makeup.These wipes are gentle on my face and i get everything off with one wipe. These are definitely better for my face then a baby wipe.They are a pretty decent price, so I'm sure I'll be picking more up soon."
"In my opinion this sunscreen will work well because it is broad spectrum (UVA and UVB) SBF 30 product.The first thing to always bear in mind with sunscreens is that because both UVA and UVB cause skin aging, to go with ""broad spectrum.""My guess is Banana Boat calls this a sport sunscreen lotion because it should stay on longer despite sweating.  I don't know if that's true as I'm not sure how to be definite about that.  They state this lotion is water resistant for 80 minutes.  That's the same as what the aloe infused Protect & Hydrate Banana Boat product states.For this reason, I prefer the Protect & Hydrate.  However, this lotion has a exotic scent that's got serious sex appeal.  I would like this scent on a woman."
"I have used this for years. I have used a lot of tingle products but this one by far seems to give me a good tan without the lingering redness that comes with using a tingle lotion. I also don't feel as itchy (some tingles make me feel itchy after tanning), and I've always noticed a difference after just a couple uses."
"I'm not sure if this works for stretch marks or not, but I am addicted to the scent. It's fabulous. It's a very nice oil, it's very light."
I will buy it next time.I feel great next morning. and my acne became much better than before.I will keep using it.
"So far, so good! This sunscreen has given me good protection from the sun.Like other reviewers, when I first opened the tube, there was some separation.  It required a good shake, and hasn't been an issue since.The sunscreen is an ugly grayish-brown color, but once you put it on, you can't even tell you're wearing it.  No whiteness, color, or visible residue.  I like that!It's not too thick, and smoothes on pretty well.The smell isn't that great, but once the sunscreen is on, I don't even notice it.The one drawback is the price--it's pretty steep.  Other than that, this sunscreen seems like a good choice!"
Always wanted to buy the Anastasia brow kit but it's way too pricey for my taste. This is like the next best thing. My eyebrows are naturally black and this blends in perfectly. I use the NYC dark brown pencil and this gel (I don't use the powder side) on top and my eyebrows are perfect
After my first use..this iron is fire!!!My hair looks sleek and shiny.I hope this iron last a long time :)
"I will agree with other reviews that this is not their best smelling product.  However, it does not linger in hair at all.  A little goes a long way. It really makes my hair more voluminous and I love the curl definition I have.  I only use about a dime size amount, or less.  My hair is pretty thin and tends to lie flat, so this product is amazing for me.  Don't let the smell put you off to it, because it dissipates.  Make sure you use a little, or I would imagine it might weigh your hair down."
"If you have kiddos, you know what a challenge it can be to get sunscreen on them. My son absolutely refuses to let me lather him up with sunscreen lotion, but he thinks this spray sunscreen is pretty cool. It sprays easily and dries quickly (I do go ahead and rub it in a little bit to make sure all the skin is covered - I don't want to worry about accidentally missing a patch of skin). It doesn't feel oily at all which is nice. Great for the whole family."
I am extremely happy with my multiple shades of pink todeep purple eyeshadow.  It arrived promptly and looksexactly as it is described in written and picture form.Would happily purchase again from the Seller.Have received multiple compliments from family/friendsand even strangers.  Ya can't give a better endorsementthan that!!
"I like this face cleanser especially with my dry sensitive skin. Ingredients are mostly natural and safe, no crazy chemicals. I feel like when i try to squeeze some out I always get too much product out. My only issue with this is it makes my face feel slimy afterwards. I spend a good 5 minutes rinsing/rubbing my face because I feel like I still have some on my face. It's not quite a moisturized feeling, literally just feels like residue is still on my face."
"Ih ave started doing vintage hairstyles, and one product kept popping up on the vintage hairstyle forums and tutorials.  Lottabody setting lotion.  I was doing pin curls, velcro rollers, and rag curls with wet sets and using an cheap curl setting lotion from Wal Mart.  Well I thought let's look into this Lottabody.Okay, the lotion is a liquid, complete liquid.  The instructions tell you to use it on dry hair.  I've done my hair on both.  I have exceptionally fine hair that waves, my girlfriend has thick curly hair and her daughters have thick straight hair.  We all did some dry and wet sets using Lottabody and had really amazing results.  The styles stayed put but were quite touchable - and shiny.  We did finger waves and big curls and pompadours and ringlets and rockabillys.  We made this setting lotion work for its name. The curls really held up.  I was very impressed.There is a slight fragrance to the lotion, it's meh, not great, not bad, but it doesn't last at all.  I could still smell my conditioner when all was said and done.I bought two bottles at the time.  I expect that it will last me a while.  But, I wouldn't want to run out either."
"I bought this product first, before getting the Olay ProX eye lifting serum.  While this product dis work for me, as well as the Pro-X product, this one is tinted.  I prefer a non tinted cream because I want the product to actually work and restore my skins natural color.So while this product does work in reducing puffiness below my eyes and reduce dark circles it also covered them up with a tint.  For around the same money, I recommend the Olay Pro-X eye serum since it works just as well and is a white cream which the skin absorbs very well.  IF you do want a tinted cream to help conceal though, this product does work quite well.  I hope this helps people :-)"
"The almond oil is great.  It leaves your hair soft and shiny, and does not feel greasy.  Great for your skin too.  Great product."
"This color is beautiful, it looks like a sparkley ruby slipper.  Gorgeous!  After paying $30 a pop to have some one else apply the gel polish too thin and not cure it long enough, I thought I would try it myself.  I have already saved money!"
"I didn't like it at first, but gave it a second try and really like it. I will probably keep buying this."
This is great for if you want to thicken the look of your hair in certain areas. Definitely recommend this product!!!
"These microfiber towels are great.  Microfiber is definitely the way to go!  I have found that it is more absorbent that traditional terry cloth towels and, best of all, it does not leave lint fuzzies all over the floor.  I have below the shoulders long, thick hair and I wrap my hair in one of these towels with a clip immediately upon exiting the shower.  It does a fantastic job of not only getting out all of the dripping water, but also going a long way towards actually drying my hair.  These towels are also good for general wiping up, as they don't leave lint all over the counters.  Highly recommended overall."
OMG OMG!!! I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PALETTE!! GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE!!! VERY CREAMY AND BLENDABLE!!! GREAT COVERAGE ALSO!! COVERS ALL MY FLAWS!!!
"I thought this was a more ultra violet purple, but still a pretty lipstick! I definitely would recommend it yes, I would lol"
"My dermatologist told me in the am wash with just warm water and at night wash my face with just this using a baby wash cloth, I've done this for years and my face looks great. I will only use this on my face, it's not drying and it doesnt make my face greasy either."
I love Essie nail products and this Matte Finisher looks great on top of any nail color. It can give a Matte finish to virtually any bright shiny color. A must have for any nail polish collection.
So cute need to master my cutting skills to get them really thin so I can apply them to my nails so many designs
"I received this conditioner as part of a Buzz Campaign (I'm a Bzzzzz Agent--I love it!) and have been using it the last few weeks. It's luxurious! I rarely give out 5 stars, but there's nothing bad about this great product. From the scent to the rich texture, I feel like I'm at a salon when I use it. $22 (Target price) is more than I usually spend on shampoo/conditioner, so I'm not sure I'll use it everyday post-Bzz Campaign, but I know I'll replace it when gone and will use it when I need to feel pampered."
"This is the best bathroom/shower caddy I've ordered.  It's big enough to hold all your supplies with additional room for a towel, hair dryer, etc.  I ordered one for my daughter to take along to college and then ordered another one for home.When my son saw them, I had to order a 3rd for him to take back to use in his dorm.  Great design, lots of space,stands on its own and easy to clean.  It's a little too big to hang in the shower, but great for transporting and organizingsupplies.  Excellent, useful, and well designed product!"
I am not a huge lipstick person and I tend to gravitate to sheer lip products because I feel like they look and feel much nicer. This is one of those products that are perfect for me. I have this product in shade blush twist which is my favorite out of all of their colors. Blush Twist is the perfect natural pink color that is perfect for virtually everyone! One of my friends saw me applying it and she loved it so she immediately went out and got it because she liked it so much! The balm is really moisturizing and creamy on your lips. I really like this product but there is one flaw unfortunately this product isn't the best for being Inside purses or your school bag because if it gets shook and rolled around the product inside can break which is really annoying.
"This review is about Clinique CX moisturizer, latest product in the line.  It is a wonderful product that absorbs well and leaves no residue on the face.  It allows application of powder without any streaking.  Package can last 3-4 months even if you use cream twice a day (morning and night).  I have a combination type skin and my skin loved it.  I had no breakouts and skin was radiant and soft.  Shrotcoming of this product is that cream does not have sun protection.  So if you are going to use it as a day cream, make sure that you put on powder with SPF if you are planning to be outdoors."
"I bought it to make liquid hand soap, but it's a really big bottle for that!  So I used it on dry skin and stuff this winter, and it seems to work fine.  I don't mind a little bit of greasy-ness, especially on the back of my hands that get really dry and on my feet, so I put it on after my shower and it has helped."
"I have crazy frizzy hair and it seems to look worse as I get older. I used this Moroccan Oil as soon as it arrived and my hair started to calm down and be halfway manageable. The great side benefit is that the Argon oil got all over my hands and cuticles as I worked it into my hair and the roughness from winter is starting to go away. Next I am putting it on my face that has gotten very chapped from the cold air! My mother is 95 and her skin is very fragile, but I can smooth this on very gently and she loves it too.  I can see where I am going to have to re-buy very soon."
"I think TeaTree oil is a miracle product and I could give this five stars just for having it as an ingredient!!! It's great for dandruff, itchy scalp....skin rashes, etc etc. Look into it!! But it has a powerful scent. This shampoo smells great with a whisp of teatree oil. It does control dandruff but in my opinion generic Head and Soulders at Walmart does a little better, for cheaper. Yet...overall I'd get this first because of the teatree!!"
"When I first got these, I thought they were meant to be for washing my face at the end of the day, much like the packages of dry facial cloths that suds up when you wet them.  But these are moist in the package and don't feel like they are full of cleanser (at least not what I expected cleanser to feel like) so I was not sure I liked them very much.Then I went to the gym and had an elliptical trainer workout that left my face feeling sweaty.  That gave me a eureka moment on how best to use these wipes.  Put them in your gym bag to wipe your face after your workout.  It feels refreshing and your face will feel clean.  If oily skin during the day is a problem, keep a package in your desk (though you'll probably also need to keep makeup there too so you can reapply after wiping your face).I am sensitive to perfumes and these do not have any artificial fragrance added, though they do contain lavender oil and another flower oil.  They didn't seem perfume-y to me."
"My favorite of all LUSH's Bath Bombs!  Smells so good, and leaves my skin really soft and moisturized.  What I love best about LUSH's bath bombs (and the bubble bars) is the fact that you don't need to rinse off after using them.  You just relax in your tub, and when you're done you just towel off.The  Sex Bomb contains jasmine, which I am not really a fan of, however I found this bath bomb to smell SOOOO good.  It must be the other essentials oils as well.  The scent lingers and I can still smell it the next day.  Sex Bomb made my bath water (I don't have a tub, but I used my boyfriends tub) a really nice pink color, and the rice paper rose slowly dissolved.  It made the water so silky and soft as well.  As weird as that sounds, you know what I'm talking about if you've tried a LUSH bath bomb before.  For those of you who don't know what I'm talking about, go out and get one NOW!  You won't be disappointed!Good things DO come in small packages!"
"The color is perfect, and it makes my skin look younger and evens out the color beautifully. This is my favorite foundation. I also use it at times to dust over other products to tone down the color if  I have inadvertently applied too much. Great product."
"I  received this BB from Influenster in both Medium and Light. I have tried so many BB creams and certainly did have my favorites and Ponds Luminous Finish BB has put them all to shame!! I was skeptical at first because of the luminous finish, so instantly I thought ""greasy"" but this is not the case~ It goes on smooth and then turns matte and blends evenly with your skin tone! I used the darker shade thinking it would streak but it has not at all and i can match it to my foundation if I want fuller coverage. I can't say enough about this BB cream other than BUY IT!!!!"
This smooth edges creme actually worked pretty good unlike some of the other products from this line.It is a thick clear gel that has a nice pleasant scent. It is alcohol free so it does not dry out your hair or cause any dry flakes or build up which is a plus. I would advise people not to rub this throughout the entire head...only apply to edges and once you brush it back it distributes evenly throughout your hair on it own!
"This would be great to prefect your make up signature style and practicing the make up artist art form. This product is reasonalby priced and the ideas to prefect are endless.You could record,take pictures for your portfolio with this or if you are a buiness owner for your shop."
just as promised stamps bright white- looks good on any color polish and works well- i recommend  wish was a bit cheaper though
"I bought this for my friend.  She absolutely loves the color, she said she had been looking for this color.  It also has a nice texture and is long wearing!"
"OPI is my favorite nail polish line. The top coat is a quick-dry formula that adds a high gloss finish to your nails. Perfect for use over the shatter polish or just to add a protective layer over your favorite color. Doesn't need to be used with OPI colors, but seriously, why use anything else?"
"Just bought this today at my local drugstore, put it on in the car, and I was instantly pleased.  It is very light, creamy, and gives a delicate pink glow to the skin. I like that it's in a tube, so my fingers don't touch the product directly.  The person who said it was sticky must have gotten an outdated tube. I found it to be the creamiest blush I've ever used."
"I bought this on the recommendation of a stylist for my eight year old daughter. Her hair was always a fuzzy bush of nonsense. I teased that there may be animals living in it. Haha daddy is a butt. Well it has been more than a month and the frizz is gone. Her hair has amazing highlights and is very soft a airy. I cannot believe all I had to do was switch her shampoo and conditioner. The smell is very nice and she loves to play with her hair now. Got rid of a big frustration on her and my part. If a professional recommends this, (or any other), shampoo/conditioner I suggest you listen. They do know what they are talking about. And they are not always trying to just make a sale. Tell them you are going to get on Amazon. Whenever I say that they usually just chuckle and say they buy all their hair stuff on Amazon too."
I have looked around for inexpensive flat top brushes and there just arent any out there until I found this one.  I love it!  Works beautifully.  Will order again from this company.  .
I have been using this product for three months now and I don't think that I'm even a quarter of the way through the bottle. I use it in the shower pumping 2-3 squirts of foam on to a cheap soft bristle face brush I picked up at Sephora that makes a world of difference. For those that have more oil or break out prone skin this is a real help. I rarely have a black head show up now which I couldn't say for the Simple brand I was using before. And while I still get the occasional pimple ( maybe once a month) I can keep it very much in control. I also treat my face with a great natural tea tree oil pad which I think is made by Jason.
OK! So first a little Skeptical about this. But wow! I have some old sticky Nu Bra that the adhesive wore out due to time and washing.. and I thought that this might help keep em on! Well It DID!! Wonderfully I may add!! Very useful indeed.
"This &#34;Skin&#34; musk has been around many years and still turns noses as i walk past poeople. It's a soft, clean, breezy fragrance. Don't shy away from this because of the &#34;Musk&#34;. It's an absolute lovely scent that lasts all day. There's also an oil! Get them both if you can find the oil. You won't be sorry!"
"I have been using this product for the past 2 1/2 weeks and I must say this product really grows the brows and lashes very quickly. I have been using it every night before bed since I received it (Did you hear me? In just 2 1/2 weeks.)no complaints here. I had lashes that were sparse in some areas and it filled those lashes in and I have noticed my lashes are longer. I also put this on my brows as well and they are getting fuller. This product works just as well as the more expensive products if not better for a fraction of the cost. I will never be without this product ever again because I like the results in such a short amount of time. As a matter of fact, I am stocking up on more as soon as I finish this review. Get it, you won't be disappointed."
"I was not about to spend $30 on Younique's fiber lash mascara, so I started looking for inexpensive fiber lash mascara and found Love Alpha! BEST PURCHASE EVER!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!"
"Some pics show it as a dark jet black, but it has a dark brown tone with a hint of glitter. I love it."
"it firms the skin,its oil free and smell nice.. olay products are the best,, i have normal skin and this cream really works .. thank you :)"
"i love these nails, the color looks great, painting over them is easy, and they are sturdy nails for every day use."
The roses are grate when I tried them they were awesome but are a little big and pops out when ur in a crowd because it is to amazing
"This combined with the Awapuhi Wild Ginger shampoo makes me hair silky soft!  My hair has NEVER felt this soft before unless it's right after a visit to the salon.  It doesn't weigh my hair down while fighting the frizzies from the Houston humidity. The first time I used it I wasn't impressed with how it made my hair feel in the shower, but I used my normal hair products & styled it as normal & when my hair was dry I was amazed at how it felt.  I would recomend this product to everyone & will purchase again!"
"I have to give this doundation 5 stars all the way!!!!! I love this foundation so much because I don't have to worry about it melting off my face, or fading or transferring on anything, once you set it! WOW it's about bullet-proof. I set mine with coty airspun loose powder extra coverage, that powder is amazing! So when I use the both together! Awesomeness =) This foundation is pretty full coverage, but if you wanted a little less coverage, you could just apply it with a damp sponge, Also a big plus for this foundation, is that it does not settle in fine lines, and the consistency of the color is even, I get so many compliments on my skin and makeup, and everyone always asks me what foundation do I use because it is like flawless, and I always tell them Super Stay! So I recommmend this foundation if you want flawless coverage that you don't have to worry about after you apply it, then this is your foundation!!!!!"
"I really like Nyx products.  I have been hooked on them since they were awarded to the Queen who won RuPaul's Drag Race.  A Lifetime supply no doubt...wish I was a queen...Might be kind of awkward in the dressing room though!  That being said, I really like the quality of this product.  My eyeshadow really POPs when I use this, and really that is the point right ladies??  Looking good at affordable prices.  Love Nyx, love this Base, love my look!"
"This remover quickly and easily removes all polish, even the tough glitter kind. I don't use gel polish, so I can't attest for it there, but on all other polishes, it takes it off quickly. It is also a large bottle, and therefore a great bargain."
Feels and smells great
"This mask offers good moisture, which is what I am expecting. However, the scent was not pleasant to me. it's like some bitter chinese herb. I know this might be due to the Natto, and I understand that this scent is far better than those artificial parfume which is widely used in cosmetics. I'm trying to like it~"
"I love this color its dark with a purple-red tint. If not cured long enough it will come off since the color is so dark. I cure the first coat for 3 minutes then cure the second coat for 3 minutes and cure the ""top it off"" coat for 3 minutes. I used the Gelish UV mini light."
"I first bought and used this soap when suggested by my African hair braider.  I was a little skeptical because the soap was a dark color (foams dark brown too.)  But, it had a nice smell so it was worth a try.  I was currently using the Goats Milk Soap - I like it, but it has a funny smell.  Once I used the black soap I really liked it. The fragrance and it has rough pieces that help to exfoliate the skin.  So I officially switched soaps.  It was much cheaper buying this product from Amazon."
I actually loved them. Cute colors and the price was a plus....they smell like bubble gum yumm...and also I use the brown one to contour my nose. Awesome
"I know that the unusual dark black color may put you off, but keep going, because this stuff works miracles.  My complexion has never been so clear and smooth."
"This has the look of a clear vaseline and consistency of body butter.  This smells fresh & clean and I only needed to use a small amount for my hair.  My hair is down to the middle of my back, and color treated with a slight natural wave.  Summer-time I typically pull my hair back into a ponytail or braid, and being near the ocean, I have a lot of flyaways that can look messy, especially on really windy days.I took just a little product, warmed it in my hands and applied this to my hairline on the back of my neck and sides.  This controlled those pesky little hairs, that are still growing in and gave me a smoother more polished look.  It rinses easily from your hands, quickly with soap and water and left them feeling and looking soft and well conditioned, Bonus!"
"I am a brunette that has skunk stripes, uneven ones, in front. I am also going grey now in my widow's peak. This makes me look pretty bad as my hair is very fine and silky, so the white/grey hairs make me look weird, like there is no hair there. Whenever I do a touch-up, I look 10x better and a lot younger. I just don't look good with the greys like some of my friends. So since my hair grows rather fast, I have to dye my roots at least every 2 weeks to cover a lot of grey skunk stripes. My mom noticed one day when we were out eating my skunk stripe (I was just too tired during that time period to keep up on the root touch-ups) and she pushed this Joan River's Blonde Hair powder on me. I did not want to try it, but I relented under pressure and my mom ordered it for me. I used it and it blends the greys away perfected. You can't even tell! I can be lazy and go a month without touching up my roots...as long as I have this powder (I use the blonde one, as my mom does as well). It's AWESOME. I am hooked now. A little goes a long way, I have been using it over 6 months and no need to replace it yet (but then I have just the skunk stripes I cover). One word of advice: try to look where you put the powder on and rub it with your fingers, blend it, maybe apply 3 times or so this way. Last week, I was very, very tired and I just went crazy putting it on without my glasses or contacts on. I got it on my forehead and looked very funny. My coworkers were too polite to say anything but YE GODS when I went into the bathroom, I looked like I had a skin disease. Fortunately, I just rubbed it out easily with my bare hands. I don't know how, but this stuff just sticks to hair...even when it rains. Even when I swear. GET IT. You won't regret it."
I've been looking to purchase this but still havent just yet. ( I'm saving up for it) I'm a makeup lover and also a girl on a bugdet this beautiful set seems amazing and when I get it if I do I will do an updated review. just wanted to say that for so many colors I think the price is great especially for someone who like to save like me.
"I love the Harmony Gelish line.  It stays on very well for me & I do it myself.  I'm not a manicurist but find it easy to use.  The Ambience color is a very subtle, natural color with only a very small amount of sparkle so subtlety is what you want, this is a great color."
"The Motions Straight Finish Cleanser uses petroleum jelly (first ingredient is petrolatum) mixed with surfactants including sodium laureate sulfate.  This gives the product a unique combination of powers, namely that it foams, lowers the surface tension on individual hairs and infuses the hair with a semi solid viscous ointment that will protect against heat and certain chemicals.  I think Motions got it right with this finish cleanser."
"I received one purSOL Konjac Facial Sponge to review!  The sponge comes with a little rubber hook, that you can hang it on in the shower.  When I first opened up the box, the sponge was very hard.  It says on the box to soak the sponge, until it&#8217;s soft.  Once it was soft I used it to clean my face.  First I put coconut oil all over my face and neck, then I used the sponge in circular motion to rub in the coconut oil.  After I did that I just wipe my face off, with a hand towel, you&#8217;d be surprised at how clean your face feels and how soft it is.  Not many people know that you can clean your face, with just coconut oil.  You&#8217;d think it would make your face greasy, but once the oil soaks in the skin, you just wipe off the skin and it&#8217;s as clean as could be, plus it&#8217;s so healthy for your skin.I love the fact that the sponge is made of 100% pure vegetable fiber and processed without any coloring or additives, great for hypersensitive skin!  The sponge helps to improve skin texture, while gently exfoliates the skin, plus it deeply cleans, removing toxins and impurities, leaving you with a radiant complexion."
This stuff works! It truly does u wont regret purchasing this it is very effective may take several peels to acheive desired look but it will work!
This is a gorgeous artisan blend.  It is a yummy and classically sexy scent.  I also get frequent compliments from both men and women when wearing this scent.This is also a classic love potion scent. The components are well grounded in aromatherapy intent.A classic I will never be without!
You will get many hours of nail decorating out of the kit.  My daughter and I love to experiment w different styles.
"COLORS ARE PRETTY, GREAT FOR MAKING DESIGNS ON THE NAILS ALTHOUGH THEY DONT LAST ON THE NAIL VERY LONG. GOOD BUY."
"THis product came highly recommended by a friend of mine that said that it really helped her a lot through menopause.  I've been using this along with a DHEA supplement and it's really made a huge (positive) difference in my symptoms.  Emeritus products are really good - they also sell supplements for menupause and other issues, so I'll be trying others.  BTW, don't order it from DAB.  They aren't very dependable with these products, and [...] sells it for nearly 1/2 off."
"If you do not mind the smell of coconut ( very mild and disappearing after 5min ) this body lotion is the best!  Very light but very affective in the same time, absorbs very well, skin feels like a silk.  Definitely worth the money.  Love it!"
No complaints in our household for the Tresemme Renewal Hair and Scalp Deep Conditioning Mask. We've used up a couple bottles now and it works great. Definitely recommended.
"This goes great with a Brownish Black mascara. It creates a very light natural look. It does contain a very slight shimmer which makes it perfect for everyday summer wear. That being said, this is not a very bold color such as black, but I think it still has a huge impact on my eyes because it is very natural looking. I rather wear this than black anyday. It glides on easily and lasts. It doesn't run down my face or flake.  It also comes off easily with face wash.I like that I do not have to sharpen this since it isn't a 'pencil,' but I don't like how I cannot retract the liner back. So when the pencil runs low I will have no way of knowing until it runs out."
"I've used this ever since it came on the market.  I've tried the few other tries by other companies, but this is the only one that really works."
"I bought it for my mother and she loved it, since we couldn't by the NAKED one 'cause it was over. The price is really nice and the colors too. She wore it for the first time and the glittered brown that she picked in the last line (third color, last line) was really coll in her eyes. But, the second color, in the second line, was a bit problem, it didn't appeared so much. I think it would last a little longer, because less than one hour later, we were living and the eyeshadows looked like if she was wearing it all they long. Maybe it would be better if she had putted a foundation, a BB cream or a primer, because I gave it to her in the same day and she wanted do were it right way, so didn't put anything else on her face."
"This product is great!!  I have been using it a short time, and I have already noticed that my wrinkles are fading.  My skin feels so soft, and my skin is clearing up for the first time in a long time!  It evens smells great!  I definitely recommend it!"
"I work at a casino and employees must carry clear bags.  I do not use this as my regular purse, but it justmay have more items in it!  I love the 6 pockets.  The only bad thing is that eventually the thread started coming out of one of the seams that seperates the pockets, and the metal gromets on the handels came loose.  I had someone in maintenance cut off the loose rings that were hurting my hands, and I hotglued the pocket back (which didn't work).  Either way, I have been carrying it for a wile and I can't expect too much being as that it is made out of very thin plastic.  I am glad I found this purse so I can have some kind of organization.  The contents of the pockets also forms a makeshift shield so that not everyone can so clearly see the items inside the main portion of the purse.  It was something different than the make-up bags at walmart that every other woman that works there carries, so my bag doesn't get picked up on accident.  Good buy."
"I have thick curly hair that is atrocious to deal with in the morning. So I was looking for a quick spray product to deal with the frizzy mess. And it does take care of that. It makes my hair much easier to comb through. Only thing is I have to be careful that products don't dry out my already dry hair. I can't say  I trust this spray 100percent not to do that. So I can't use it every day, only when in a hurry."
"Lovely eyeshadow palette.  Sleek sure is putting out some beautiful eyeshadow collections...really beautiful and the quality is out of this world for such a small price.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!  Love this and the Vintage Romance Palette...GORGEOUS!!!  This would look best on green and brown eyes, but I have blue and love it for me as well!  Just looks best paired with green or brown eyes."
"So far, I can tell a small difference in my skin since trying this cream. I can tell my skin is smoother, but I will have to keep using it to see if it is going to really help with the cellulite. I know that there is no way to really get rid of cellulite, and products like this are only meant to mask it so I know what to expect. The directions say to rub it in vigorously, and you really do or else it will leave you a little greasy. I still have to wash my hands after applying it because I can't seem to get it off any other way."
"DUO is the best brand on the market for eyelash adhesives. I can't say anything else other than, place it on the band properly and give it enough time to get tacky and then place the lashes on your lid where you want them and prepare to look fabulous all day. I've never swam in them or showered in them so I can't speak to it's wearability in water but as far as this adhesive holding lashes in place all day and comfortably, it does what it's supposed to do. I have been using DUO in the moist humid heat of the southern U.S. so it holds well in humidity."
"This comb is legit. it is thick and sturdy and you can tell it is handmade. Not that you need a heavy duty comb, but it is cool knowing that this was crafted not just molded in some mega factory. classic look too"
"This is one of the most important beauty purchases I made. The product does what it claims. Overnight, I felt the oiliness of my face was significantly reduced.  I noticed some discoloration was gone in a few days. I am reordering.."
"This is one of my go-to zit-zappers.  Works best when out of the shower or when a blemish is open/near the surface of your skin.  Does not do much for deep or very inflamed blemishes.  Excellent for smaller blemishes.  Warning: stings immensely for a few seconds when applied to an open blemish, but it will likely be greatly reduced by the next day.  Also has a strong medicinal smell that some may not like, but I got used to it after a while."
"I love love love this! This is way better than any other powder I've used! I gave this a try because I decided to drop the colored loose powder and my Hard Candy Translucent one was good, but really didn't cut it, haha :) So I went to Target and got this ELF powder for only $6. The next morning I used it to set my mousse foundation, and WOW! My face looked so even, everything was perfect. My old loose powder didn't give me great results like this, all my old one did was make my face look cakey. With this, a little goes a long way and it actually helps define your face just like it's suppose to! I will forever use this!"
"I used this with another oil for my itchy scalp, I used it with my conditioner. Works wonders, did the job."
"Good packaging, good tools and good work too..good result to my hair even too hot for the heat to my left wrist skin..but no prob it was myfoult,need to be more careful..thanks"
The eautiful lengths replenishing Mask really helped my dried out hair to become easy to comb and not break off and my hair stopped falling out from breakage. I am very satified with the panetne line of hair care. I am using the line of beautiful lengths to help with my severely damaged and fragile hair. It really works!
what a price  better than all the stores around my neighborhood  and they many colors to choose from my customers love it
"I have naturally curly hair which means naturally dry/frizzy hair as well, especially bad in the summer time.  This conditioner gets me through the summer w/o chopping my hair off.  It leaves my hair soft, curly, detangled, and easy to style and best yet, conquers the dryness!  Nothing else I've found works as well.  Highly recommended."
Greatly  exceed all of my expectations of timeliness of delivery and product was as advertised.Have been using this product for over a year and every time I wear this fragrance I'm sure to get compliments of how good I smell!This small size is perfect to keep in a pocket or purse.If you like Sandalwood with a touch of Sweet Orange I definitely recommend this long lasting fragrance.Will be reordering.
"I've been using this for a few months.  I was having issues with the tips of my nails wearing and the color starting to chip but I've been using 2 coats of top coat and drying the final coat for 5 minutes and that seems to help.  I haven't gotten 2 weeks of wear from the polish yet, but I am hard on my nails.  Also, I like to change the color after about a week anyway so I've been happy with the results.  Please be aware that the CND Shellac system requires a UV lamp to cure the polish between layers.  If you don't use the right lamp, the polish will NOT dry."
"I love this lotion anyway but I usually buy the body butter. In my opinion, this is a good deal because you get 2 nine ounce tubes. It's not too thick and it smells really good."
This headband is really cute! It actually looks better in person than it does on the pictures. I was surprised that for almost 2 bucks I had gotten a headband that was well made. The beads didn't come off which to be honest I thought they would. Everything was perfect on that headband. I wear it from time to time and I always get compliments. It's also very comfortable and doesn't irritate the back of my ears like the other ones I have so that's a huge plus!
"Like everything Garnier does, this gel is amazing. It gives my curls definition, and eliminates frizz. I use it with damp hair, and let it dry naturally for bouncy curls."
"I've been using moroccanoil for years, this stuff is awesome. Ignore the negative reviews, I've heard some customers on here don't even buy the product and leave negative reviews just to get attention. I bought this product from this seller Beauty In Style and didn't have no problems. Highly recommended!"
"I use Argan oil all the time for my dry skin. It does an excellent job at restoring moisture to my skin during the cold winter months. The only problem with Argan oil is that it&#8217;s quite expensive. When compared to the cost of this product it can be 4-5 times more expensive or even more depending on the brand and purity.Suave Professionals Dry Body Oil Spray comes in a 3 oz. spray bottle and it reminds me a lot of Argan oil. It has a light and pleasant scent but it&#8217;s lighter in color and much thinner. You can&#8217;t really mist Argan oil but this dry body oil can be misted so it&#8217;s easier to apply. I take a shower, dry off with a towel and then mist it all over my body. It feels very similar to Argan oil and moisturizes nearly as well. It leaves your skin very soft and pampered.I enjoy using Suave Professionals Dry Body Spray a lot and have found it to be a very good and much lower cost alternative to my regular Argan oil. It&#8217;s especially great for my hands and legs that really get dried out during the winter. I would highly recommend this product."
"I have issues with puffiness under my eyes, as well as dryness from our climate.  This cream is seriously amazing.  On day 1 of use, the puffiness was totally gone, and remained gone as long as I use it once per day.  I have used many eye creams and never had this immediate reaction.  My husband noticed immediately, as well.  Because it has amazing moisturizing capability, the wrinkle effect diminished immediately, not sure if I noticed improvement over time, my eyes just always seem to look good now.I love the moisturizing texture, didn't notice any stickiness as mentioned by another reviewer.  A little goes a long way, and the small bottle lasted me several months.  Highly recommend this cream.  I was initially discouraged at the high price, but just bought my second bottle.  I hope they keep this product around for a long time, no more puffy eyes!"
"Got it today, nice smooth glow. Darker and not true to color, still a nice darker shade goes with everything. I have all colors and I'm very pleased.  Would love this company to get a line of gloss to match.  Perhaps this company should work on a brick color as pictured. Awesome nevertheless."
These replacement discs are very necessary to utilize the PMD to its optimal satisfaction.  One should purchase the replacement discs if they are serious about the results they want with their absolutely fantastic PMD.  Great machine; great results; great price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"This thing has been a fantastic addition to my life!! Until a few months ago, I had never tried gel polishes. I didn't want the UV light, as I had tried that and it wasn't my favorite. I ended up sending it back. It heated up the nails so much it felt like they were on fire - Plus - UV rays = Cancer. SO... no thanks.Than I stumbled upon this little gem. It's so small, light, portable and it works so quickly!! I really love it!If I had to complain about anything at all, it is that it is too small to accomodate a full hand... you have to do your fingers and thumbs separately - it is very small. You also have to be very careful not to hit the back of it with your fingertips, as it is fairly shallow. Who needs depth though... you're only trying to dry the polish on your nails - as long as you're careful, and don't mind doing your thumbs separately - then I would say go for it!It's pretty awesome :)"
"I just received my first shipment 3 days ago so this is just a preliminary review. The reason for this early review is, just like others have reported, I have not needed to wear deodorant since applying this product and that includes while working out! No wettness and no odor! I am a carmel colored AA female who bought this for my under arms and knees. If things go well I will use for spots on my face. I am using a little larger than a dime size on each area. I do not see a difference on my knees yet, but I am already seeing a slight lightening of my under arms with no stinging, burning, or rash. I will be sure to update my review as the weeks go on, but so far so good.UPDATE: I temporarily suspended the use under my arms after starting to get some stinging from my spanx cutting under my arm (nothing to do with the product). I have been using the product on my face and I have had some lightening of the dark marks. I do not expect these scars to go away quickly so I will continue to apply to my face. My knees are lightening up but I do notice the skin on my knees is peeling too. I am starting to apply aragan oil to my knees to help with that. I will update again in a few weeks.UPDATE#2: I am back to using this product and the results are still good. Underarms look great and no adverse affects to my face. I will continue to use."
"I tried this serum because I have wrinkles on my forehead, after 4 weeks of use, the wrinkles are almost invisible! It also helped to make my face look brighter and a much better skin texture. I am so happy!"
"This stuff is amazing.  I'm not kidding when I say I believe I have had pimples disappear over night.  I use to have bad hormonal acne but since starting on birth control pills those have pretty much vanished but I do still receive an occasional flare up and when I did I tried Vicoo Turmeric Cream on it and I swear it seemed to have disappear over night.I wish I knew about this stuff when I was dealing with my hormonal acne. I use to use benzoyl peroxide which would bleach my towels and clothes if I wasn't careful.  Also benzoyl peroxide was pretty expensive because the 10% version was too drying so I used 5% and (at the time) I could only find one manufacture who carried it at that strength and it was for 5 bucks for a small tube.  I was told to try using benzoyl peroxide every day for preventative maintenance which did work well but again it's pretty pricey.I also have some spotting on my cheek bones which I wish I could make disappear but this hasn't really helped but I'm also impatient and didn't use it for long.For the acne alone this stuff is awesome but I really, really wish they would make it scent free.  I feel the sandalwood smell is way over powering especially being used on the face.  It's tolerable and the smell does go away but again it would be nice to have a scent free since I would think the smell isn't really needed for the performance of the product.Update 3/26/2013:  Okay I STILL love this product since I wrote this review back in June of 2012.  I since found that sandalwood oil is actually supposed to be good for your skin and for acne.  I didn't know that when I wrote this review but I STILL hate the smell but I LOVE how well it handles any pimple I have.Whenever I feel a pimple developing a night or two of this keeps it from even coming up."
"I love these brushes! I'm in the beginnings of makeup artistry, I'm trying to find reasonably priced item for my kit that are still good quality. These brushes actually exceeded my expectations. I've shown them to my friends, and several of them (including some of the 'brush-snobs' want to buy the set. Buy them! You won't regret it."
"These are  small sized and flat backed.I got exactly what is pictured.They are iridescence pearls and are very pretty.1st time I have EVER received a wheel , from any seller,that is jammed full.Kudos to the seller for supplying enough."
I made several purchases of little charm-like pieces similar to these. I'm going to decorate my own phone case. This was the last package to arrive. Most of my orders were from Hong Kong so I knew they would take a few weeks to arrive. I wasn't too worried.The product itself is exactly as pictured. The roses are small and very cute. They're very nice.
"This product is definitely one of those I can't live without.  I have been using this product for 2 or 3 weeks now and it is amazing.  I mix it with bragg apple cider vinegar, apply and wait 20-30 minutes until it is almost completely dry.  Get hot wash cloth and wipe off.  The results, WOW. I am a smoker, so I apply extra thick layer around mouth and nose area.  Rough patchy skin, gone.  Blackheads, gone. Sunspots, fading. I am left with dewy, smooth, firm face.  I apply tiny amount of Nutiva cocnut oil, done.  Can't say it's the foundation of youth but it's the next best thing.For people with sensitive skin, dilute vinegar with water or honey or just use water.  You will feel your skin get tighter and tighter, the longer it sits.  Around the edge of my face burns a little after I take the mask off but the coconut oil soothes it right out within a minute or so."
"This stuff is so amazing, just read the description about it's many uses. It smells great. I live in AZ so the weather is hot and dry here, and the water very, very hard. I have long thick hair. It makes my hair manageable, and a little goes a long way!"
"i love using biore strips, if you use them twice a week your pores will be flawless and clean :) i haven't really had a problem with acne or pimples but i get a lot of black heads and popping them only makes my skin look worse. i will continue to use these and recommend anyone with blackheads to use them, they are the bomb (:"
"The brush set arrived earlier than expected about two weeks early. Although, they do feel a little flimsy when you first touch them and you might need some super glue especially for the part where the metal meets the wood, and I wish there had been some type of description for the different brushes but overall it is a good product for the price."
"I got this product early which is a great thing! Nothing was broken and ever thing was intact, very light weight, and easy to use. IT IS GOOD FOR ACRYLIC NAIL ABD NATURAL NAILS, I was afraid it wouldn't work for acrylic. The bad things are the handle can get warn if working with it a long time, and the bits are quite tricky to get it, and I can't get the one in at all. Over all though it's a great product!"
"In reference to the other reviewer (for the Paisley version) who said hers had a strong smell...YES, it can.I ordered 3 of these at the same time, received them all at the same time, and ONE of them has a REALLY strong smell. I can see where it would be headache inducing. The other 2 you can barely smell at all. You have to bury your nose in the bristles to pick up even a hint of chemical/plastic(?). I do not agree with the ""comment"" posted to her review that says it hasn't had time to 'air out' from the manufacturer. The cover has a VERY large oval over the bristles, so a consumer can 'feel' the bristles, and the brush is not in an airtight or sealed plastic pack. It sits on cardboard with a staple holding the plastic covering on. So there is a TON of space around/in the pack for air movement, or to air out. I think it's just something in the manufacturing. I will still keep the 'smelly' brush, as I love these brushes and have been using them for years. Back when you could only buy them at salons. (This one with the ""Daisey"" is the strongest smelling one for me. The other two are the stars and the paisley one). I don't ever remember getting one with a strong smell before...hmmm.It truly detangles the worst wet hair. We also use the to simply brush our dry hair. I DO find that after a few months SOME of the bristles are pushed down into the black brush 'bed'. (Maybe we brush too hard?) You can simply pull those bristles back up by their little rounded balls on the tips. But that becomes a pain in the a** after a while. So it's worth it to me to just buy another."
"My hair is really damaged by repetitive color and perm.  Before I tried this shampoo, dove (intensive repair) was my fave.  I still like it but switched to this Aveeno shampoo because it moisturizes my hair more.  Even after just one wash, I felt the difference.  The shampoo keeps your hair less tangled and therefore less damage caused by pulling your hair by brushing."
"This is a fantastic product! I cannot wash my hair without it.  I am so used to this towel sucking up all the extra water that when I just use a normal bath towel it actually feels weird to have all the excess water in my hair.  This also cuts down on a lot of blowdryer time too. I have fine, medium length hair and this works fantastic for me.  I highly, highly recommend this for anyone who wants to save time on drying their hair in the morning and get out of the door faster."
"I don't have a lot to compare this to, but I'm very happy with this product. It's never orange, always turns out a nice brown color. The mitt is okay, it's starting to fall apart on me, but I feel like that's pretty normal. As someone new to self tanning, I feel like this was pretty easy to use and I was happy with the results."
I am really happy with this hair dryer. I have coarse wavy hair that I have to straighten daily. I used this dryer for the first time today and barely had to straighten my hair at ALL because it was so smooth after drying. It is a LITTLE heavy and button placement isn't perfect but my drying time was reduced by at least 25% or more and my hair is super soft! Cord is SUPER long which is WONDERFUL.
Good sized bar and very mild soap. No scent what so ever and rinses clean. If you like natural ingredients and a unscented soap that wont irritate your skin this would be a good one to try. Usual Grandpa's high quality doesnt hurt. Long lasting too.
I am so glad i purchased this product. I love the fragrance and the way  it makes your skin feels when using it
This is by far the best witch hazel I have ever used.  The smell is delicious.  A hint of rose aroma.  I will be purchasing again.
"Easy to hold bottle and a pleasing scent. It rinsed cleanly and when paired with the shampoo, it left my hair feeling very soft and clean."
"this gray cover up works well - sort of resembles a crayon and is a bit on the dry side, but it does work !"
"It took some practice getting the layers as thin as your supposed to to do the mani/pedi properly, but its worth it!  My nails are super flimsy, so I can still only get a week tops out of a gel, but its better than a day!  I did usually run it a little longer than the product recommended, but only because I was paranoid about it curing correctly."
"My teenaged daughter has been using this for several weeks and it really seems to be clearing up her acne.  We had been considering something harsher like accutane -- which is what I used when I was fourteen and pimply, but that was extremely embarrassing for a a few months since it made me break out even worse before it got better.  As long as this seems to work, she and I are happy to stick with it.What's more, she enjoys the smell and the feel of Nature's Gate on her face when she is done applying it -- what I think she is detecting is the tea tree oil, which has a very distinctive minty smell and tingle.  I was pleased to notice that the product is paraben free, as my other daughter is allergic to parabens.  This product uses organic and natural but apparently effective ingredients, and I would definitely buy it again -- I know my daughter plans to keep using it.  There are three different applications, and the instructions are very clear about how to use them."
"I have 4B natural hair, I love this stuff its awesome. My hair has been splititng because of heat damage that i've been managing and this works. It really moisturizes my hair too! My hair is soo soft right now and moisturized. The smell is great also I love it! I used it along with the Garnier fructis argan oil treatment and a spritz of pure coconut oil and my hair hasnt felt this soft without the greasy feeling in a long time"
"Simple Exfoliating Wipes are very convenient to use in any situation.  These wipes are great to use at home or to carry about (though a smaller pack would be better in that case).  The wipes are just abrasive enough to dislodge any dirt and grime, which adheres to the wipe quite easily.  I found that wiping down my entire face took a matter of seconds and left my face looking noticeably cleaner and healthier."
"This is a quality argan.  The bottle is huge and will last me forever.  I actually dropped it first day and spilled half of it.  I wasn't even upset as I am still left with a lot of product.  :)I like to use argan as a pre shampoo treatment.  Apply to hair before bed and wash out on the am.  I found it really makes a difference.  Hair is less frizzy and more moisturized after washing than if I don't use this.I also use this as a frizz serum.  Mix a tsp with 4oz water, 1tbsp aloe and spray into hair post wash.Can also be used alone,  one drop rubbed Into palm and then glided over hair.I know many claim it is great for face but I have not tried that yet.  I suffer breakouts so am not ready to take that step yet...but it is nice on my skin.  I used for hands and cuticles with great results."
"This creme calms frizzy hair and works well for quick fixes of hair which sticks out or which won't behave. I prefer Moroccan oil which is more consistent through the day, but this is a reasonably good product."
"This product is mild and effective. It does not have the chemical chase which most shampoos carry. The container and dispensing is hand friendly. There are so many of these products on the market today. It requires a brain to select one. This one is very simple on the label with shea butter, soymilk and honey standing out and it actually feels that way in usage."
"I've tried a lot of oil blotting sheets, but I always come back to this one.  Nothing beats it!  It's portable where I can hide it in my pocket if I'm going out, and it does a good job keeping me shine-free.  They are fairly cheap too, about $5 a pack at stores, and sometimes there are $1 coupons in the Sunday paper.  I always keep this on me and I use it daily.  It really does remove shine and keeps me matte without removing my makeup."
"This, rather than any other lotion (and I have used tonnes) works. I have Type II Diabetes and my doctor who always checks to make sure that my feet are all right has complimented me on the condition of my feet. Older people usually have groddy feet so I expect mine are a relief.The scent is light so it does not overwhelm so you can also use this at night if you want to. For extra nighttime softness for hands and feet apply lotion then cotton socks and thin cotton gloves. Do an Amazon search but I think you can also buy thin cotton gloves specifically for covering a hand with lotion on it."
I do like most Oil of Olay Products. At my age I do not expect miracles but I like the softness of my skin and there seems to be a few less noticeable lines.
"I must admit I've never been crazy about AXE products, as they usually have a VERY strong scent, but this one is great. It lathers really well and has little beads in it that exfoliate so my face is left smooth.  It smells good, but not overpowering, which is nice. I also like that I only have to use about a dime sized amount to do the job, so that means it's going to last me quite a while.  My only complaint would be that it opens on the bottom, so you have to make sure it's snapped completely shut or it will leak while it sits in the shower. Overall, it's a good face scrub."
"This top coat dries incredibly fast and makes polish look rich like a gel coat is on. If shines, doesn't dull quicly, keeps the color bright. Nest price, top shelf. Buy this!"
"This is a great eye cream as long as you use it with Grataie eye serum.  The combination is terrific--the cream by itself not so much at least for my dry skin.  The combination works better than my previous $250 dollar eye cream.  Even with the expense of paying for both, it's a great value for the money.Business Lady"
"This is technically a highlighter, not a blush; but I use it as a blush most of the time. My skin is very light (terms like 'ivory' and 'porcelain' appear in the names of all my foundations) and this adds a nice bit of color without seeming too red or like too much. I actually like to use a kabuki brush to apply it."
"If you are looking for a good soap to really remove dirt and cleanse your skin, you need to think about this Adovia natural mineral soap. My skin feels really but it still feels hydrated and moisturized. I like that it is made with Dead Sea mud.  My skin feels so good..not dry but healthy and clean. It gets all my makeup off so I feel like my skin can breathe.  I love that it is 100% all natural too. I don't like using skin care that has chemicals these days.  I was noticing a little bit of a breakout on my chin right before I started with the Adovia but it cleared up pretty fast after I started using it. My skin has been very clear for the last week or two.  I wish I had known about this when I was in my teens with acne popping up so often. I also find this soap works great to use after my workouts to make sure my skin is clean and fresh."
"These work great! I feel so lucky to find these online for such a great price. I have very oily eyelids and Revlon Colorstay Crayon smudges like crazy within an hour for me. On the contrary, these work sooo good (for me, anyways) and they apply with little to no tug. I will be buying these over and over again!"
"I purchased this color for my daughter as I tend to stick with pinks and reds. Every time she moves her hands I am struck by this beautiful blue color. It's kind of a light sapphire blue; much prettier than the picture. Of course Gelish is the best gel polish out there, so the fact that it lasts over two weeks was expected by us. With the gorgeous color and two weeks of enjoying a great manicure, what else could you ask for?"
"Very pleased and even more so that it came with more than one, good quality.  Don't be worried when you now see it I really thought it was quite small, but it works."
This is a great spray to keep hair moist and lessen frizzy hair in a dry environment with furnaces going constantly in the cold. It smells nice and it works.
"These plates came less than five days after I ordered them, talk about fast delivery!  I got a nice pink storage case which I'm glad came as a bonus because I don't have a case for any of my other plates yet.  I tested all the plates, about 2-3 images per plate and they stamped clean and crisp.  Even though these are ""Love"" themed, there is such a large variety of designs that I don't feel like these are strictly designated for Valentine's day or dates.  I used one plate for my Independence Day manicure and plan on using several more for future nail designs.  These fit my nails quite well, they are a smidgen wider than the Konad plates and that makes all the difference."
I have been using this for a couple of weeks now and wow what a change.  I usually shead like a snake in the winter months and this body wash has completely stopped that.  I have most certainly found a new love.  I have already bought more and highly recommend this product for anyone who deals with really dry skin.  The texture is so silky soft that you feel not only clean but pampered.  I love the smell of it too.  Not over powering like some soaps and body washes.  It's thicker than most body washes so you don't need to use as much which is a plus in my book.  It lathers nicely but it's just that wonderful soft silkiness that seeps into your skin that makes you crave your next shower.  I'm no sooner out of the shower and would love to climb back in.  Thank you Olay for a great product.
This soap smells amazing and it's priced reasonably. Doesn't dry out my hands. I also like the look of the bottle and how it doesn't have huge branding all over it. This is the kind of soap you can have in your bathroom or kitchen and it doesn't deter from your decor. A+
"I was really excited to try this product as I have naturally curly hair and am always trying to keep it under control :) The application is nice, a good spray, and it does smell like the beach! Like salt (right, who would've thought?) It doesn't leave your hair crunchy. Love the formula, it keep my curls separated and cute.The one negative is that the salt smell can be a little overwhelming, which surprised me as I'm not too picky about scents. Also, be really careful if you're going to work out that day and have this in your hair. I sprayed it on in the morning and had an intense Zumba class in the evening. I could taste the spray; it was insane! It kind of reminds me of when you ate play-doh for the first time (and last) when you were little.But overall, a great product and would purchase again."
"I love this soap. No smells and our hands feel smooth. Also, I use it on my daughter's very sensitive skin. No allergic reaction at all."
I'm 51 years old and have been using this daily. I use it after removing my make-up at night before my moisturizer and also in the morning when I wake-up. I refreshes your skin and leaves it super clean ready for the next step. The bottle is huge and the pump prevents from over using and spills. My skin looks amazing. Great product.
"Many different products to try before you buy.  I haven't purchased any full sized products yet but that's only because they are too expensive!  I really like the clearing skin wash, clearing mattifier, and the sebum clearing masque. The overnight clearing gel is okay, but the concealing spot treatment didn't blend well and it has sulfur in it so it smelled really bad and gave me headaches.  If I had the money I would purchase 4 of the 5 products."
"It's a average comb.  Given the price, I didn't expect more than that.  It's plastic and 8"" long with the comb teeth section stretching a little under 4"" long.There are a couple things that you should be aware of.  The comb teeth are a bit shorter than I expected.  The teeth are 3/4 of an inch long, so if you have thick long hair, you'll have to comb a little harder.  (By long, I mean your hair not passing your shoulder.)  Secondly, the comb looks blackish in the picture on Amazon, but it looks dark gray in real life."
i love this make up....i went a shade darker for summer.....it covers everything......yet it feels very light........this is really all you need to have that great NO MAKE UP LOOK........
This was a Christmas gift for my fiance.He loves the creed line and he loved this!I'm happy I chose to purchase from here.It came in perfect packaging and 100% authentic!So happy with it!
"I was happy to receive this box of Q-Tips to review. This style has made me curious and now I know that I love it! If you want to get your makeup OFF really well under your lashes, this is the product for you.  I also used it while putting on an eye shadow and was pleased with the performance of it...I have used the regular shape Q-Tip before but they are actually too large for some applications, this worked great and I didn't have to battle the little fuzziness that forms on the regular shaped version.  I think this is a keeper...and it would be a neat little stocking stuffer for your girls too!"
"After my recent Lasik eye surgery, I developed Blephartis.  My eye Dr. recommended eye scrubs thus I've tried many pre-packaged towelette type scrubs which all left my eyelids irritated.  This product is super gentle and I did not suffer any irritation."
"I have seen reviews for this unit on Youtube, and it seems that it looked so different on every person. But the way it looked in one video made me want to purchase it for myself in a color 1B. Now a lot of people were able to wear this as a full wig, but once I got it and put it on my head, that was not the case. I was so upset! It just did not look right on me, so I put it away and continued wearing my Drew by Beshe. But then I came back to it to see if this was a total lost cause, and it wasn't! It does look similar to some of the wigs I saw on youtube, but I've just come to realize that there are different tweaks with different units. I love how it looks on me, but I wear it as a half wig (what it was created for, lol), because putting it to the front of my hair line makes me look crazy. But I really like it, get major compliments on it, and will order a new one soon, maybe in a different color."
"I got this kit  free in exchange for my honest opinion and all thought comments and opinions in this review are my own.First I must say I am impressed with the shipping and packing, the mirror was packed in the shelf packaging then in another plain brown box and finally packed into a bubble mailer manila envelope, this helped to ensure the item arrived in tack and undamaged. I placed my order late on the 16th and received my package in the mail on the 20th, four days from order to receive is very good timing.The mirror its self however when I first opened it I thought, looked cheep and I was skeptical of its quality however upon further inspection and research both online and with the product in hand I have found that I believe the product to be well made. the metal hooks for both the mirror and the razor are very sturdy and of a good size and quality they will not bend or warp easily the adhesive on the backs of the hooks is of a good quality as well and provides a strong hold. the installation process was very easy. I feel I could even purchase one for my teens bathroom and they could put it up with out a problem.I have already tested the mirror as well and ran the shower for more then 15min and even when my bathroom mirror was impossible to see in even with the bathroom fan running the cassani fogless mirror was clear.I think it will be a big help to reducing the yuck I have to clean from my sink when my husband shaves and it is the perfect size for both me and my husband to be able to see our entire faces in when we are in the shower. I used it to help with ensuring I removed all of the cleanser from my face and hair line and there was no problem seeing.Over all I am pleased with this mirror. The packaging and shipping time was very good the performance is good. The only thing I can say I have found so far about the Cassani fogless mirror that I do not like so well is that my first impression simply based on look and feel while holding it was cheep, but I am pleased to say after giving it a chance I do not believe it to be so. I would recommend this product if you are looking for an in shower mirror."
"These are super handing when you are traveling and don't want to pack eye makeup remover. They are great for removing mascara. They don't do a thorough job cleansing skin, but I didn't expect them to. They will do in a pinch though if you just want to get the makeup off before bed and put off a proper cleansing until morning."
"This product really works, the texture of my skin is smoother and my skin just glows and I only use it at night. I have oily and acne prone skin, and I have had no breakout with this product.It does not really help with hyperpigmentation, you will need glycolic acid for that (you can try Avon Anew Rejuvenate Glycolic Facial Treatment), you put it on only the darkened areas after leaving this product soak into skin for 10 - 20mins."
"I've been using both the Hot Pink and Gold Skin 79 BB creams and the main problem I have with both of them is that although the coverage is excellent, it tends to make my face look too white.  My face ends up looking another color than my neck.  I read the reviews for this one so I decided for under $20 why not give it a try.First the positives:I have very light Asian skin.  I typically use Fairly Light tones for foundation and this product worked well for me with regards to color matching.  My face no longer looks grayish.  It is very natural, comparable to putting on tinted moisturizer but with slightly better coverage. It also works well for sensitive skin.  The Hot Pink and Gold made me break out after a week and this one is easier to wash off since it is less thick than the other two.With regards to the cheek/lip tint, I love the light pink color.  A few dabs on my lips and cheeks give me a natural rosey glow.Negatives:This is not a full coverage BB cream.  I also noticed after 4 hours, my skin was oily.  I have combination skin to begin with but I think that this does not work well for oil control.  The lip and cheek tint will also NOT work for someone with darker skin tone.  The color is extremely subtle.  It is a tint and not a blush so don't expect it to give you maximum color.  I don't really like the texture of the lip/cheek tint, it is like a non-sticky chapstick bar but oilier.  Also this BB cream is not matte.  It is a bit shiny but not too shiny like Etude House creams.Overall, if you want a light, everyday BB cream for sensitive/dry-normal skin, this product will work well for you."
"I have this lip gloss in two different colors and I really like them.  They go on smoothly and are more pigmented then regular lip glosses.  They do tend to wear off easily throughout the day so you have to keep reapplying them periodically.  My favorite color is Arresting, which is the dark pinkish purplish shade.  These glosses are very light and airy but still give a great bold pop of color.  I bought this from Target and none of them were sealed and I know a lot of lipsticks and glosses do not have seals on them in the stores so it might not just be the seller."
"I have really sensitive and dry skin, which makes it really hard for me to find a facial product that does not irritate my face.  Most facial cream on the market would make my skin break and itch (e.g. red bumps like misquote bites) or does not moisture my skin enough.  I've tried other products that worked (Genes Vitamin E Creme), but wanted to try something new like a serum to see if it would improve my dry skin condition and perhaps repair the damage on my skin due to low humidity during winter.  After reading the reviews, I decided to give Burt's Bees Repair Serum a try.  To my surprise, the serum is more of a essential oil texture (I expected something more liquid-like or gel-like), and it also has very strong scents that last about an hour or two, which makes me sneeze whenever I put it on.  The good news is that I didn't get any break-out or red bumps, and the oil did a very decent job to keep my skin moisturize.  It does mess up my makeup a bit (eyeliner, particularly), but it really does the job to keep my skin healthy.  I also tried to mix the serum up with other skin products like Eucerine cream for my body and Genes Vitamin E Creme for my face.  The mix was great!  I will keep using this product for the winter."
"It is called magic cream, I use it as night cream!Maybe in the beginning, the feeling will be oily.But the next morning, I feel my skin smooth and soft!I like it. And I hope it will help me with the acne!"
"These are really good towelettes. Pkg contains 30 wipes so will last rougly a month more or so depending on how often you use.  The wipes are very moist, some can be a little on the dry side, so you get a lot of prduct. The smell is nice, not to ""perfumy"" or ""chemically"".  it also contains kaolin clay, which is great for detoxing the skin, and moisturinzing ingredients. Moisturizing ingredients aren't listed specifically and unable to determine what they are by reading the ingredients list.  My skin didn't feel dry after using and also didn't feel too wet after using. Some wipes the product lingers for a while and your face feels very wet, the product evaporated quick enough so you don't feel too moist.  The towelette is textured with a diamond pattern so I like that as well. Removed makeup and cleansed my face and left it feeling great."
"The Puracy Natural Hand Soap cleans my hands very well (even greasy hands) and the scent is pleasant but somewhat strong. It's not bad but you can really smell the scent. What I like most about the Puracy Natural Hand Soap:HypoallergenicNon-toxicBiodegradableThe hand soap contains the following ingredients according to the Puracy website:Purified Water, Sodium Lauryl Ether Sulfate, Aloe Vera-Based Surfactant, Vegetable Glycerin, Citric Acid, Lavender Essential Oil, Vanilla Essential Oil, Methylisothiazolinone which is a preservative.The ingredients are plant-based.The Puracy website states the Puracy Natural Hand Soap will on average provide 576 hand washes.Recommend.MRThe following review was done after receiving a bottle of the hand soap from the manufacturer or their representative."
"This is a beautiful color!  I love gel polish.  This brand has been a favorite of mine.  It goes on well and stays well.  The variety of colors is very good to chose from and when choosing from online or in person, you can rely on first impression.  Would recommend"
"I do feel a tightening, and it absorbs fast. I have used other brands and they are greasy or just ineffective because they are thin. This feels like it is working right away. I have extremely bad cellulite, and I am using this coupled with working out. Keeping my fingers crossed, but so far I love it!"
"This product was a stocking stuffer for my 12 year old.  He thought it was hilarious and cool.  It really does look like a taco.  He uses it as a pen case for school.  All the kids think it is funny as well.  To impress middle schoolers is quite the feat, and this taco did it!"
"As a fashion and beauty blogger, I try A LOT of new products. Most are good, some are great. But, Adovia Serum is AMAZING! It really does reduce the look of fine lines and wrinkles almost instantly. I use it under my moisturizer during the day and it also seems to make my under eye concealer stay on longer.Highly recommend it!"
"I wanted to try a new good serum which had thermal protection. This is a good serum that really does stop frizz even when I blow dry my curly hair. I have always had soft curly hair but they would get super frizzy when blow drying or if the humidity increased a bit. This really does work really well and has a nice mild scent that isn't over-powering or cloying. Definitely worth a buy. However, be sure to use small amounts cause it does cause it can little build-up."
"This is the next model of the neutrogena wave spinning cleanser. This came with batteries and was pretty easy to set up. There are 2 speeds to choose from depending on how ""deep"" a cleaning you desire. Personally, I couldn't really tell a difference between them. This does not pulse like the original wave.This cleanser came with 14 deep cleaning pads. These pads are saturated with soap, you hold this under the water and then start cleaning. It is water proof so you can use this in the shower. There are 2 different types of cleaning pads you can get, deep cleaning and gentle exfoliating. The soap on the deep cleaner is a bit drying and I usually prefer a gentler cleanser. I have found that if you rinse out the pads after a use, you can keep reusing them with your favorite cleanser. You can get quite a few uses out of each pad which is a nice way to save some money. My face does feel quite a bit smoother after I use this. I only use this every couple of days and my skin does feel quite a bit smoother and cleaner. The refills for the microdermablasion also fit this cleanser.My only real problem with this is that you have to be very careful about your hair. I had a few loose strands that slipped onto my forehead and this thing yanked them out. Other than that, this does a relatively good job of cleaning my face."
The three-pak of these bars came quickly and cheaper than can be bought locally. Burt's Bees soap has kept me as clean as  the Pope In Rome  for years now.
"This is the best hand grease I've found so far. Here what I've tried, btw:- Vitamin E oil from drugstore: OK; too greasy; also it somehow reacts with anything ferrous you happen to handle to produce a rancid smell of some uncategoriseable sort (both on your hands and on the object handled; very unpleasant). Can be used (with caution) but not the first choice (nor the second). A lot of E in it (30,000 units per 2 oz) is good though, and it's not very expensive during a two-for-one sale we have now and then.- cold cream, like Pond's or generic: OK but too chemical, scary;- coconut oil: good (I'm planning to mix in some pure vitamin E and try that)- Colonial Dames' Vitamin E cream: really good but costly and smelly and has parabens and alcohol- Jason Vitamin E cream: no parabens, but less E, less greasy; overall good- Burt's Bee hand salve: OK, persistent, but too costly and initially too smelly, obnoxious, can't be used in public (OK for home though)- Shea butter from the same maker (NOW): very good, not too greasy, fairly persistent, no smell at all; comes second best after this one.- Pure lanolin from the same maker (NOW): good moisturising effect, persistent, a bit too thick (hard to spread); would be OK but it stinks so foul you can't use it unless you like to smell like barnyard. You will certainly be removed from the premises if you go around like that.- THIS GREASE HERE: best. It does have a smell, rather noticeable, but the smell is nice (smells like chocolate, wonder if you can eat it?) and it doesn't last. The strongest part of the product is how persistent it is: I've washed my hands five times and still didn't need the towel: water doesn't stick, it gathers up in a few globules on the surface of the skin that you can simply shake off, w/o towel-drying; so, obviously, some grease remains on the skin even after several washes. Not too greasy at the same time, go figure. For me this is god-sent 'cause I wash hands a lot and the skin is really parched because of that.Bottom line: this one takes the prize; five stars. Shea butter from the same maker is a close second, shared by the two vitamin E creams; Burt's Bee slave a distant third. Recommended.Added on 10/28/2011: Just to share: I finished my researches into moisturisers, and the results are somewhat anticlimatic: the best moisturiser for face is L'Oreal's aftershave; the best all-around moisturiser is Cetaphil (both lotion and cream; I like the cream better but both are fine). Everything else I've tried isn't quite as good (even though it was all two-to-four times more expensive). Go figure. L'Oreal has all the usual crap including parabens in it; Cetaphil is pretty harmless (no parabens, no fragrances, no grease: a pretty neutral product), but not too natural either. Yet these two are the best: not greasy at all and with good humectant properties; neither one clogs pores. This is just for your info; it in no way affects what I say above about the NOW cocoa-buttur creme."
This works great especially with my little handheld scrub brush. Its small compact and easy to use. I would suggest anyone to try this product no matter what their budget. Its inexpensive... why pay more when you dont have to? This does a terrific job at a low price.
"I had to wait a little bit for this product due to its high demand but wow was it worth it !! I have only been using product for a few days but the results were pretty much instant.  Having work at Macys cosmetic counters I was able to try the latest and greatest from several lines, but this product literally blows them out of the water! I am so happy I found this product and can guarantee that I will continue using it.  Many thanks to Oz Naturals to putting out such a wonderful product and for unbelievable customer service  ... God bless.Diana M Devlin"
I used gelish products with this lamp and it's perfect.  They last around 14 days.  It takes just a little time and I can do them when I want rather than have to make an appointment and pay way more than necessary.  I have had this for about a year now and it's great.
"I thought I had previously reviewed the products thanking the maker for saving my life.  My face suddenly became allergic to everything 2 years ago.  I had all kinds of testing and trials, I paid huge sums of money for  fancy products at the mall with promises that now I would be happy.  Thank heavens a good dermatologist, thank you Sarah, suggested Vani products to me and my whole life has changed.  I can actually put on some eye makeup now!  And if you are old like me, you want to add a little frill every once in a while.  The cream is a bit heavy for my kids (twenty somethings) but if you massage it in a bit, it is gone and you don't feel it.  These pots will last and last and the price is amazing.  Do we want the manufacturer to know this or is s/he already making millions off of us?"
"I have long, fine hair that has always tangled. I use this brush after washing my hair and using my leave-in detangler product, and it works fine. I still shed the same as with my other paddle brush, but the wet brush does go pretty smoothly through my hair."
"I have worn Maybelline Great Lash since I was old enough to wear any- I hadn't really tried any others.  When I got the opportunity to try this one, I snapped it up.  I don't know what it is about this mascara- if its the weird looking brush or what, but you get a nice thin even coat of mascara with NO CLUMPS.  I don't wear a whole lot of makeup, and this gives a nice natural look, though I wouldn't say it makes my lashes look incredibly long or thick.  The thing is, I have pretty good lashes and I really like the natural look.  I think this one will be a keeper for me, but those wanting a more dramatic look might  look elsewhere."
The internet recommends this be used as a humane way to get rid of stray cats. I will admit it worked for a while but the fragrance left quickly. They came back but it did initially work.
"It is great for adding shine and retaining moisture on my naturally styled hair, it's great as a hot oil treatment too! My guys have started using it as well, so having a 16 oz size comes in handy."
"This is a decent shampoo. Although it says it's just a shampoo, and to use with a conditioner, it works just fine for me on its own. (Tho, in general, I have fairly soft hair.)My husband tried it as well, and it made his scalp burn. We couldn't figure out which ingredient was causing his adverse reaction.I have carpal tunnel, and it's actually difficult for me to handle a bottle this big. I wish it came with a pump.I like this product okay, but will probably not purchase it again."
"I receive the Cover Girl Lash Blast as a gift one year ago... and let me tell u I wont change any more. This mascara is just great and i have suggest my friends to change and they are just amazed as me with Lash Blast mascara... It covers everything, it makes your lashes look miles away, dosent get u the patch-lashes look so they look so great, so natural and i just love it!"
"but dont forget to shaike it before use , when you applay it on your skeen its so soft as if you didnt put any make up"
"I really enjoyed this product, especially for young girls just starting out with their collection. It really teaches them the basics and it has a little bit of everything to have fun with. The carrying case wasn't the best but it was still good enough to give it 5 stars because I think the products and the price was worth having a bit of poor packaging."
"Although I think it's hard to tell if a specific product is making any sort of actual difference on your hair, I can say my hair has been improving overall. I was dealing with damaged broken hair that had started thinning out for an unknown reason and didn't seem to want to go back to normal, so I decided to really start babying it. I had started out the scalp treatment along with the shampoo and conditioner but have only been using the scalp treatment because I have been away from home for a few months. I also haven't been blow drying my hair and have avoided hot irons for the most part and as we all know that has a big part of damaging hair. My hair is obviously going back to normal and I'm planning on keeping up with the scalp treatment for awhile longer."
"I love this set of nail art plates! It's my first time using any nail art plates, but I'm now addicted to them. I've heard that there are supposedly better brands of plates, but I don't even feel the need to search for others, because Shany did a great job with these ones, and at an amazing price too! I love them, and will continue to use them & recommend them to others looking to try easy nail art. My friends and family are amazed by how easy it is to have such beautiful nails too! :)"
"I am 52 years old, with sensitive skin and a few wrinkles and scars. I find glittery make-up unattractive and irritating. My favorite makeup guru, Wayne Goss, of gossmakeupartist on You Tube, uses this, and I love what he teaches---excellent advice for anyone, but particularly useful for aging women. I use this as he suggests, in the inner corner of my eyes, a light stripe halfway down my nose and across the tops of my cheekbones, under makeup. I get a natural illumination, not disco glitter, and it does not irritate my very sensitive eyelids. It is almost creamy in texture, though a powder, and the effect lasts all day."
This color was exactly as pictured. It is pretty thin and to achieve a good look it needs to be painted over a dark color like black. To use it alone would = frustration and disappointment. I really like this. It had different sized glitter chunks and creates a deep illusion when used properly.
"It's tough to find face cream that moisturizes without making your face feel greasy or looking shiny, and smells nice. It's also a plus to have it protect you from the sun. This cream does all of those. I'm very happy I found this product. And, since a little goes a long way, the cost is worth it; I'll bet I could use this every day for a couple months before it's gone."
"I put this on my hair every couple of weeks and when I wake up in the morning the product has been completely absorbed into the hair shaft. My hair is softer and thicker after using this product. I can't believe the low price either. I don't waste my money on deep conditioners any more, this does everything I need it to."
I like it:) looks just as described and has very soft bristles. Made my skin a bit softer after just one use. I would recommend buying.
I've always liked this as a final part of my make-up regime. It really seems to set my base make up and it's a great powder. After finding the right shade you'll be in love with this product.
This bottle lasts forever because a little goes a long way. It moisturizes and adds shine and you can use it on wet or dry hair but it seems glossier when you blow dry your tresses after applying it to wet hair. The scent is faint and fades after a few minutes. I would buy this again but a bottle will easily last 6 months or longer and I have shoulder length hair. I love the softness and that is tames my frizzy strands.
I really love this dry shampoo. It does what it's supposed to and I love that it covers up my roots. Make sure to blend it in completely. If you don't want a lot of blonde color on your hair then I would not recommend it but if you do it's amazing :)
"So far Envyderm has not made my lashes grow. It burns a little when I apply it, but we women can tolerate some discomfort for the sake of beauty. I'm still hoping and waiting and checking. No progress yet.Revision:I now have long lashes! This product worked. It just seemed to take longer for me. Love having such long lashes now."
I can't believe this is the same blender that is 35$ in the makeup store! For this price I am going to buy more - the delivery takes too long though - so if you need right away you better hurry and order
"Can't comment yet. on results. I am using daily along with Latisse on the other eye.I don't use the applicator because I think that would  waste the liquid on the dead part of the lash instead of the new growth closest to the lid. Instead I use my Latisse brushes to dip into the serum. Latisse says to apply only to the lash at the eyelid, so I'm doing the same with this serum."
"This sunscreen contains zinc oxide 20% providing an SPF of 40. There are essentially 2 kinds of sunscreens: physical sunscreens and chemical sunscreens. The physical sunscreens (those that contain zinc oxide or titanium dioxide) are much better for your skin/health than chemical sunscreens. Physical sunscreens sit on top of the skin and create a physical barrier to the UV rays. They work immediately.Chemical sunscreens have to be taken up by the cells to provide their UV protections. This delays the action of the sunscreen (so you have to apply it about an hour before you go out in the sun) and, more importantly, there is now discussion of the safety of these chemicals on the rest of the body (because they are absorbed into the bloodstream). So, while they may protect you from skin cancer, they expose you to other potential health problems.The biggest problem I have had when using physical sunscreens is the whitish hue they leave on the skin. They can now micronize the zinc so it disappears on the skin. This Cotz sunscreen does that and it goes on evenly and disappears leaving no whitish hue. Although it's labeled as `oil-free' and `non-greasy', I did find that it was a little greasy and I'm removing one star because of that."
"This product works great! After using it, my face feels nice and clean. Though it is in no way an acne medicine, the fact that it thoroughly cleans your face down to the pores, it definitely helps a bunch!"
Love love LOVE this oil! I wear it daily! It's a great nag and not too strong or too weak. Very warm calming scent! Highly recommend!
"Recently, I've begun to notice that the wet washcloth I've been using for the past 10 years to wash my make-up off is having a harder and harder time doing its thing. I'm assuming it has something to do with the aging process, but whatever the reason, my washcloth's been needing a bit of a boost.Enter: YTC Makeup Removing Cleanser... This creamy formula removes heavy eye make-up, foundation, and even lipstick, while making the skin feel super soft. Plus it smells really nice (think carrots meet pumpkin) and doesn't have any harsh artificial fragrances.The best part for me is that it doesn't seem to clog pores or leave behind a grease slick."
"I am absolutely thrilled with Knot Today. I use this in combination with the Kinky Curly Curling Custard. My hair is super curly but dry. This leaves a very thin layer of moisture to my wet hair (I apply after using my normal Wen Shampoo/Conditioner) and prepares it for the Curling Custard. I have not tried either product alone as I've read other reviews that say to use them together. When finished off with a diffuser, my curls are perfect for 2 days. If I used more of the Knot Today Conditioner, I'd probably be able to go a third day. The directions say how much to use depending on the type of style that you want, but given my dry hair, I applied in small sections like you would when using gel. Immediately after, I scrunch it with the custard and then diffuse. I can feel it when I rinse it out of my hair but it has done as it says and left my previously dry and damaged hair more soft and conditioned. Other products tend to dry out and disappear requiring me to use coconut oil at night so my curls will last another day. This one is no fuss after its initial application. I just shake out my curls the next day and am ready to go!"
"I received this product free of charge as part of SalonGuys' Market Research Program and do state that I wasn't expecting this spray bottle to be anything spectacular. A spray bottle can't be anything more than just precisely that, right? Not quite... Not when it comes to do with this fine bling of a product anyway...First off, the feel of the bottle is very fancy! It's super velvety and goes very well with the bling theme - richly smooth and pleasant to hold with a guaranteed firm grip as you spritz your hair away to superstardom. I really enjoy the feel and noticed that the bottle is made out of a plastic material that could be squeezed accordingly. I appreciate how the nozzle head could be turned 360 degrees to your convenience but most importantly, LOVE the misty quality of the water sprayed!I use a hair detangler formula from Victoria's Secret that comes in a spray bottle and thought that the spray it emits is of nice quality, but after using this bottle I've come to realize that it's the ultimate Spray Bottle Bling Queen. Not only does this bottle spray quite effortlessly, but the range of one single spray is impressive! What I find most important is that the hair is not drenched given its delicately light mist. Never did I think that there could be such stark differences amongst spray bottles...All in all, I highly recommend this spray bottle, for just one spray goes a really long way. This would be super important in cases where you would want to maximize the effects and prolong the duration of liquid hair formulas that might be a bit on the costly side. As one reviewer commented, this bottle may indeed be on the expensive side, but in the long run it would be more on the cost effective side when one thinks of how long their liquid hair formulas would last (or even water, if that would be an issue for some...)."
The regular cleansing conditioner is expensive but once I tried it (from the Q on a special today's value) I love it.  I found this styling creme here for a great bargain and I like it.  I don't know if it's still available here but if you like Wen this is an authentic and good product.
"When compairing face primers, I search for quality and price. I originally purchased the Revlon Photoready Perfecting Primer from a local Rite Aide on sale. I tried it, it has a light hint of color that blends into your skin, once it is evenly applied. I am light skinned, so it blended very well, giving a natural look. I used Revlon Mineral loose powder over the primer and it gave me a very beautiful and flawless finish. I used Revlon products, because it does what the product indicates, However if you have a different brand it may work just as well with the Revlon Photoready Perfecting Primer. Keep in mind, this review is based on my personal experience i have had with this particular product! Everyones skin type is different, and what works well for one, may not be the same for someone else. Overall, I would recommed this product to anyone because it holds true to what it says it can do. It gives that flawless and photoready look that most women want. It is inexensive on Amazon, so you can't go wrong. Compaired to higher end face primers on the market, it's a great value and great results."
"This thing works like magic, and doesn't have a strong unpleasant smell, or any at all!!!!I've noticed that some reviewers are concerned about the ingredients. I have a similar doubt. But when I discovered the company's located right here in Ohio I decided it's worth a try. And I'm not disappointed. Sometimes I just have blind faith in local businesses b/c I feel like the people around me are nice (?), I know the reason sounds horrible but I have to say it does the job very well."
"I really needed a place to put and organize all of my makeup. This case is surprisingly big which I love that about it. To give some prospective, it took up half the space of my small rolling luggage. The top compartments are adjustable. You just lift a dividing slot and move it to create more/less space. However, you can only really adjust the top level. Because the case only opens up as much as shown in the pictures, the second level is still slightly covered by the first level making it hard to remove the slots (which I still haven't figured out how). The bottom compartments are not adjustable, but they are very deep and I stack my eye-shadows and foundation bottles there. It's not an indestructible case, so don't abuse it, but it's quite sturdy and I have everything I need to get ready in there. I highly recommend this product!"
You can't go wrong with genuine &#34;cotton&#34; balls for softness and durability.  I especially like them for removing eye makeup with a good/gentle makeup remover.
This product is nice.  Leaves hand and feet soft.  Only complaint was that the booties were a little small!  Had to squeze my foot in!
"Didn't want to spend the money on Bobbi Brown's so I tried this. The coverage is heavy enough but without being goopey, lighter coverage than Bobbi Brown's. Super easy to apply, love the portability of this product.Only complaint is that it's a little drying so put on a good moisturizer before applying."
This is a great product.  Makes my skin feel great after use and it doesn't even feel like it's on your skin.  It's simply refreshing and light.Perfect service from Skinmedix and quick quick shipping.
"Love it! I have been using this product for about 10 years now and have never had a yeast infection since I started using it. Before that, I had had a few over the years."
"We're really a big fan of the Suave Men's Professional line of products. They have the same quality as much higher priced products. The Suave Professionals Men Shampoo + Conditioner, 2 in 1 Anti-Dandruff Classic Clean is a nice anti-dandruff product. It doesn't have an unpleasant or strong odor like some anti-dandruff products can. The addition of the conditioner is nice as well. It leaves hair feeling soft and not sticky or dried out like similar products can."
"These last for years. Kind of hard to find in stores. I like that it's dark, dark brown, almost black, but not quite. I'm not a floozy."
"I've been using this moisturizer for years because it doesn't make me break out like just about everything else does, and it keeps my face nicely hydrated all day."
"I really liked this one, since it enver stretched, they dont rip, I have had them for a month now, however I keep loosing them."
it works amazingly and last long....also when mixed with other shades gives an amazing look .....go on buy it and you will be happy with it
"I purchased this diminutive flat iron to have around the house when my better half stays over. I really didn't want to spend the earth and have no idea what makes a good one from a bad so I chanced at this one due to the revlon brand name, The feedback I've had from its use though has been very positive and she was very surprised at that, as her staple flat iron is much wider and was more expensive.It heats up really quickly although I'm told that it has to be set on the highest setting for it to be most effective, but of course all hair is different so having the variable heat at the touch of a button is welcome. The controls are laid out very clearly and easy to access inside the unit. There's a blood-red bright display showing temperature and a final nice touch is the power cord rotates at the base so no twists and tangles as it's used.So a very nice item at a perfect price point. Don't be fooled by the small size and low equally small price. This is worth the cash."
